
**TITLE**
170A CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNICIAN

**JOB DUTIES**

-   Perform as the subject matter expert and advisor to the commander and staff regarding the employment of offensive and defensive cyber operations assets and personnel
-   Direct, plan, administer, manage, integrate and assess cyberspace operations
-   Develop policy recommendations and provide technical guidance regarding the operation and management of Army National Guard, joint intergovernmental, interagency and multi-national cyberspace assets and personnel
-   Integrate cyberspace effects into warfighting functions in an effort to optimize combat effectiveness
-   Protect the Department of Defense Information Network against foreign and domestic threat vectors in order to maintain network integrity and functionality
-   Lead, train and mentor cyber personnel through individual and group instruction, and the establishment, direction and evaluation of standard operating procedures (SOP) and job qualification standards

**MINIMUM PREREQUISITES**

-   Be an SGT (E5) or above.
-   Be a BLC graduate.
-   Hold a current IAT/IAM Level 2 certification (e.g., Security).
-   Currently hold an adjudicated TS/SCI security clearance; failure to retain an adjudicated TS/SCI clearance by precludes you from attending WOBC and holding the MOS 170A (no waivers).
-   Have practical experience in cyberspace operations in a cyber mission force certified work role, cyber security/computer network defense (CS/CND) or equivalent civilian experience.

Practical experience may be documented through NCO evaluation reports and award citations.

In some instances, practical experience acquired from civilian employment may be acceptable, provided the experience can be documented by employee evaluations or performance appraisals and determined to be equivalent to military experience.

-   Have a minimum of three years of rated time documented in NCOERs; this is the minimum prerequisite; all NCOERs must be submitted for consideration.

Majority of NCOERs must reflect outstanding and exceptional duty performance ratings noted with "among the best” and “excellence” ratings by the rater and top (1) "successful" and "superior" ratings by the senior rater.

USAR and ARNG may request a waiver for NCOER time, but must provide civilian performance appraisals in conjunction with their NCOERs or in lieu of not having NCOERs (SPC/E4 only).

-   Have a letter of recommendation (LOR) from a senior warrant officer (CW3-CW5); it is preferred that the letter comes from a senior cyber warrant officer; in the absence of an available senior 170 series cyber operations technician, the cyber proponent will accept a senior 255 or 352 series SWO LOR (CW3-CW5), as long as the recommendation is specifically written for the applicant to be a 170A (no waivers).
-   Have taken the complete Test of Adult Basic Education (TABE) with all categories and earned 12-grade level (12.9) scores in Reading, Total Math and Language (applicants with associate, bachelor's or master's degrees meet this requirement and do not have to take the TABE).
-   Have completed a minimum of six semester hours of college composition (English 100 and English 101 or equivalent English courses are the only accepted college courses) from an accredited academic institution; (speech and public speaking courses do not meet this requirement, even if administered by the English department of an institution; successful completion of the CLEP College Composition examination- (not composition modular) -or an associates degree or higher is the only acceptable alternative.

Applicants with Reserve Component time must submit official documentation in order to compute the length of Active Federal Service; documentation may be a DA Form 1506 (i.e., Statement of Service), an official memorandum (on unit letterhead) signed by the unit S-1 or similar documentation (e.g., RPAM statement).

**PREFERRED PREREQUISITES**

-   Be an ALC graduate.
-   Hold an associate degree or higher from an accredited college or university.

NOTE 1: Although not requirements or prerequisites, technical certifications and National Cryptologic School credit also add great weight to the overall strength of the packet and should be cited in the resume and included in the packet. A few examples include CASP, CEH, CISSP, CCNA and MCSE.

NOTE 2: Applicants from other military services (Air Force, Marine Corps, and Navy) who can substantiate their qualifications with performance evaluations, awards and certificates are encouraged to apply for MOS 170A. Please contact the proponent POC below only for questions regarding any qualifications. Address all other inquiries to the Warrant Officer Recruiting Branch: [wo-team@usarec.army.mil](mailto:wo-team@usarec.army.mil).

NOTE 3: Waiver requests for SPC/E4s and/or for the minimum of three NCOERs will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Such waivers will be considered if the candidate has documented comparable managerial or leadership experience in the government service and/or civilian sector.

NOTE 4: Any waiverable prerequisites not met will require a prerequisite waiver to be approved by proponent. Be advised that submitting a prerequisite waiver does not constitute automatic approval.