**Title**
Manager (m/f/d) explosive ordnance defense

As an officer and manager for explosive ordnance defense, you plan and lead operations to remove and destroy ammunition discoveries, ammunition stocks or explosive materials without causing anyone any harm. To do this, you will assess the situation on site, coordinate the staff reporting to you and ensure smooth cooperation with support staff.

**Your tasks as a manager (m/f/d) for explosive ordnance defense**

-	You will acquire detailed specialist knowledge of weapons and ammunition.
-	You lead a unit or sub-unit of explosive ordnance defense.
-	You are responsible for the training and further education of your soldiers.
-	They work with national and international agencies and other organizations active in explosive ordnance disposal.
-	In staff, offices and command authorities, you will work on issues in the area of explosive ordnance disposal and advise superiors (m/f/d).

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer (m/f/d), you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You acquire a license to dispose of ammunition (Bundeswehr explosives certificate).
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
