**Title**
Scholarship for technical courses

Let the Bundeswehr support you on your path to becoming a technology professional of the future: The Bundeswehr awards scholarships to attract suitable young civilians for technical civil service careers. With this funding you can concentrate fully on your studies. Funding is available for first-year students and students with above-average performance at universities, technical colleges or comparable teaching institutions.

**Your scholarship with the Bundeswehr**

-	Computer Science 
-	Cyber security
-	Aerospace Engineering
-	Information technology, particularly with a focus on communications technology, high-frequency technology or communication technology
-	Electrical engineering

**You can freely choose your place of study or study or continue your studies at the Bundeswehr universities in Hamburg or Munich.**

-	You will be reimbursed for the costs of learning materials, excursions related to your studies or study support and for contributions to student social facilities as well as health and nursing care insurance up to a maximum rate per semester.
-	You will receive the scholarship for the entire duration of your studies. The length of funding is limited to the standard period of study plus one semester of study.
-	Your scholarship is tax-free and is not subject to social security contributions.
-	After completing your studies, you will work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.

**All first-year students and students who are aiming to complete a Bachelor/Master of Science or Bachelor/Master of Engineering can apply for a scholarship. The prerequisite for the granting of the scholarship is that the intended or current course of study can be assigned to a relevant field of defense technology.**

-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification and are planning to study for a bachelor's degree in a technical field of study
-	You are planning or are already completing a master's degree in a technical course.
-	You provide the contractually obligatory minimum services during your studies.
-	After successfully completing your studies, you agree to work in a civil service or employment position for a certain period of time, depending on the duration of the funding.
