**Title**
Civilian electrician (m/f/d)

As an electrician, you are responsible for installing, maintaining and repairing electrical systems. This includes wiring buildings, installing electrical panels, troubleshooting electrical faults, and connecting electrical devices and systems.

**Your tasks as an electrician (m/f/d)**

-	They are responsible for the maintenance and repair of the electronic components of the training infrastructure on the military training areas, in particular: computer-controlled SPA 1, SPA 2 and SPA 3 systems, systems for armored targets and rifle targets, target folding systems or technical systems in the bunkers.
-	You carry out the maintenance, charging and servicing of lead and NC batteries.
-	They test and evaluate batteries with regard to their removable capacity using an electronic testing system.
-	They are ready to work at heights of up to 10 meters.

**What matters to you**

-	You will be employed on a permanent, full-time basis.
-	She expects an attractive salary based on the collective agreement for the public service (TVD).
-	Depending on the applicant situation and personal requirements with regard to periods of professional experience that can be taken into account, an additional allowance in accordance with Section 16 Paragraph 6 TVD of up to 666 euros (gross) per month can be paid.
-	You benefit from targeted personnel development and an extensive range of further training and education.
-	You work for a recognized and family-friendly employer in secure economic conditions. The advertised position is part-time. Mobile working is not possible in the case of the advertised position.
-	You have the opportunity to take part in company health promotion offers.
-	You apply by March 22, 2024 for a position from July 2024.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You have a high level of technical understanding.
-	You have completed vocational training as an electrician for industrial technology, building automation or devices and systems or as an electronics technician and can provide proof of at least 1.5 years of comparable professional activity.
-	Alternatively, you have a career qualification for the federal government's intermediate technical service.
-	They stand for the free, democratic basic order in the sense of the Basic Law.
-	You agree to take part in a health suitability assessment and, if necessary, an extended security check in accordance with the Federal Security Check Act.
