**Title**
Carpenter (m/f/d)

As a carpenter, you process wood and wood products in a variety of ways. In the Bundeswehr you design a wide range of furniture and interior fittings. With craftsmanship you can produce wooden fixtures that will last for a long time. You assemble various cabinets and seating furniture and repair them if they are damaged or worn out. They install doors, windows and stairs in new buildings. You will learn the necessary skills and the traditional craftsmanship in the dual system - in modern Bundeswehr facilities and in vocational schools.

**Your training as a carpenter (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn how to use wood as a material professionally and appropriately.
-	You will gain confidence in working with or producing various wooden products and will learn a variety of techniques.
-	You will learn how to restore or repair damaged wood products.
-	They saw, planed and sanded.
-	You will learn to apply veneers and treat wooden surfaces.
-	They screw or glue wooden parts together to create finished wooden products.
-	They use windows, stairs and doors on Bundeswehr construction sites.
-	They assemble built-in furniture, room dividers or wall paneling in offices or living spaces.
-	They repair damaged furniture or restore antiques.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a carpenter, you will learn a safe craft.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of processing wood and wood products.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Crafts.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
