**Title**
Emergency paramedic civilian (m/f/d)

Emergency paramedics have achieved the highest non-medical qualifications in the emergency services and are responsible for providing initial medical care to emergency patients. Whether in a Bundeswehr hospital or in Bundeswehr medical facilities: Here you can use and expand your potential. Helping people in medical emergencies and saving lives thanks to in-depth training and modern equipment.

**Your tasks as an emergency paramedic (m/f/d)**

-	They care for and stabilize patients at the scene of an accident.
-	They transport the injured person in the ambulance. 
-	You drive the ambulance under emergency conditions
-	You assist medical staff with sedation, administer medication and carry out medical equipment examinations independently.
-	They write protocols for handing over injured people to the emergency room.
-	They maintain, maintain and disinfect the ambulance and its associated vehicles 

**What matters to you**

-	You will be employed on a permanent, full-time basis.
-	She expects an attractive salary, based on the collective agreement for the public service (TVD). Grouping takes place up to salary group E 8 TVD.
-	You benefit from targeted personnel development and an extensive range of further training and education.
-	You work for a recognized and family-friendly employer in secure economic conditions.
-	The Bundeswehr promotes the compatibility of family, care and work, for example through employment in the form of part-time work

**What matters to us**

-	You have successfully completed training as an emergency paramedic.
-	You have a Bundeswehr driving license B and C or are willing to acquire one. You agree to drive a company vehicle.
-	They stand for the free, democratic basic order in the sense of the Basic Law.
-	You agree to take part in a health suitability assessment and, if necessary, an extended security check.
-	You have successfully completed the sedation specialist course or are ready to complete it.
-	They meet the requirements of the law for protection against measles and strengthening vaccination prevention (Measles Protection Act).
