**Title**
Soldier (m/f/d) for flight operations

As a soldier for flight operations, you are deployed in a command post or navigation center of a flying unit. There you are responsible for the preparation, planning, organizational implementation and follow-up of flight operations at the airport. You will also support the pilots in planning and preparing flights.

**Your tasks as a team leader (m/f/d) for flight operations**

-	They support the pilots in planning and preparing flights.
-	They monitor the registration and allocation of the airspace necessary for flight operations.
-	You coordinate the provision of aircraft with the operational control of the technical area.
-	They monitor and update all operational information boards such as status and situation reports at the airport, bird strike warnings, crew status or flight planning.
-	They arrange for entry and overflight permits to be applied for and obtain landing permits at other airports.
-	You create and correct standardized flight routes.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You can continuously expand your specialist expertise in a variety of ways.
-	You work in an exciting and challenging area of responsibility.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	They are between 17 and 29 years old.
-	You have successfully completed at least secondary school and vocational training or secondary school.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is usually 8 to 13 years.
