**Title**
Manager (m/f/d) mine diving service

As a manager in the mine diving service in the German Navy, you are the technical expert for ammunition. In collaboration with other military units and authorities, you ensure the maritime security of mine diving operations at sea and on the coast. They are extensively trained to destroy ammunition, explosives and ordnance even under difficult conditions and in unknown waters. Even under time pressure, you plan and carry out blasts. In your leading role for mine diving teams, you ensure that relevant safety regulations to protect soldiers are adhered to during your operations. They cooperate with military departments, the police and other civilian institutions. You will be excellently prepared for your responsible position, both militarily and academically. You will gain practice and safety for working underwater and even in the most difficult situations.

**Your tasks as a manager (m/f/d) mine diver**

-	You will acquire all the theoretical and practical knowledge required to safely handle, defend against and dispose of explosive ordnance.
-	They are trained to use explosive materials.
-	You will learn to comply with and apply relevant legal regulations.
-	You will be trained to lead emergency personnel responsibly and independently.
-	You learn to assess concrete defense situations.
-	You train to apply your specialist knowledge responsibly even in operations under time pressure and in extreme situations.
-	You will learn what needs to be done to ensure the safety of comrades and the civilian population and apply your knowledge.
-	They can lead and coordinate explosive ordnance defense operations anywhere in the world and even in the most difficult climatic conditions.
-	You are the supervisor of a mine diving task force as part of military units of different sizes. You can also lead multiple explosive ordnance disposal teams.
-	You assess specific operational situations and coordinate cooperation with support forces.
-	They plan explosions as part of exercises and operations of the German Navy and are responsible for their entire implementation.
-	They work with North Atlantic Treaty departments, the police and other organizations active in explosive ordnance disposal.
-	As an expert on ammunition, you advise superiors, other units or departments on how to safely dispose of explosive ordnance.
-	In staff (administrative units), offices and command authorities, they ensure that ammunition is stored, transported and allocated according to regulations.
-	You pass on your specialist knowledge in the training and further education of the German Navy and train soldiers.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer, you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.
-	You will initially be recruited and trained in the Marine General Service career. After successfully completing your training, you will take part in the selection process to become a mine diver.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are able to assess risks and react to them in a highly flexible manner.
-	You enjoy taking on leadership responsibilities.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
