**Title**
Pharmaceutical-commercial employee / pharmaceutical-commercial employee (m/f/d)

As a pharmaceutical-commercial employee or pharmaceutical-commercial employee, you ensure the best possible care for patients with medicines from the Bundeswehr pharmacies. You manage the inventory of medical products and organize their correct storage. You handle the relevant correspondence, purchase goods, check incoming goods and mark prices. They present products, sell and advise.

**Your training as a pharmaceutical-commercial employee / pharmaceutical-commercial employee (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn how to integrate pharmacies into the healthcare system and the economy.
-	You will gain insight into pricing methods.
-	You will be able to apply the pharmacy operating regulations.
-	You will gain comprehensive skills in office communication and merchandise management systems. You use modern IT systems.
-	You will learn how to order and store medicines, dressing materials and medical consumables (syringes, swabs, cannulas) properly.
-	You will be trained in the commercial work associated with the pharmaceutical trade, such as billing and correspondence.
-	You will learn the technical pharmaceutical language.
-	You support the pharmaceutical staff in producing and packaging their own products and presenting goods.
-	You know the current drug groups (e.g. antibiotics, antidiabetics, vitamins).

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your pharmacy expertise.
-	By qualifying as a pharmaceutical-commercial employee or pharmaceutical-commercial employee, you will learn a secure career.
-	You complete your training with a final examination before the (state) Chamber of Pharmacists.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of physics and chemistry.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
