**Title**
Engineer (m/f/d) for ship technology

As a marine engineering engineer, you are responsible for the safe and trouble-free operation of marine technology on ships and boats. With technical talent, you monitor all necessary processes, work on troubleshooting and quickly troubleshooting. You lead soldiers in your area and manage their professional training and further education. You are the German Navy technician. They know exactly about the devices and systems used on ships and boats. They ensure that the marine technology on ships and boats functions properly. Their specialist expertise contributes to maintaining operational capability and ensuring the safety of the ship and crew. You will learn all relevant knowledge in the areas of ship operating technology, ship propulsion technology and electrical engineering.

**Your tasks as an engineer (m/f/d) for ship technology**

-	You learn to coordinate and monitor operational processes.
-	You test systems such as main, auxiliary and emergency circuits, monitor their function and learn how to repair them.
-	You will learn the basics of electrical engineering on board systems, monitor the functional processes and be trained in the repair of facilities, devices and systems.
-	You learn how to operate and maintain automation systems, such as fire alarm systems, and learn about the functional connections.
-	You will learn how to identify system errors, resolve malfunctions and carry out functional tests.
-	You will learn to coordinate the circuits of the monitoring system, including identifying the sensors and elements of the control and operating technology.
-	They regulate the preservation of materials, the maintenance of systems and devices, the replacement of components and assemblies and monitor these processes.
-	You keep the operating books, documents, overviews and operating sheets for your systems and devices.
-	You evaluate data for ship technology and document it.
-	You will learn how to initiate measures to ensure operational readiness and how to monitor recurring testing and deadline work on devices and systems.
-	You will learn the existing regulations for environmental, ship and occupational safety and ensure compliance with them.
-	They determine the need for operating materials and organize their storage on board.
-	You will learn to evaluate the stability of the ship and the driving and maneuvering characteristics.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer (m/f/d), you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will receive intensive support in small learning groups at excellently equipped Bundeswehr universities in Munich or Hamburg.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You take on professional and personnel responsibility.
-	You will learn how to optimize processes and find solutions to errors.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
