**Title**
Engineer (m/f/d) information technology

As an engineer in the senior technical service, you prepare decisions about which technologies should be used in the Bundeswehr and help implement them.

**Your tasks as an engineer (m/f/d) in information technology**

-	You develop planning components for the main processes armament, logistics, infrastructure and environmental protection and process the summary of planning-relevant documentation.
-	You implement SAP measures with a focus on uroles and authorizationsu, especially in programming.
-	You will be involved in 2nd level support in the IT service management processes including quality assurance and test execution.
-	You will be involved in projects within the scope of Customer Product Management.

**In the area of equipment, information technology and use:  **

-	You work in the area of deployment, operation and monitoring of the Bundeswehr's IT system and develop measures for IT crisis management.
-	You will be involved in the provision of central IT services for Bundeswehr operations and exercises and in the management of all IT service providers.
-	You are responsible for setting up and operating IT service management for the use and operation of the Bundeswehr's IT system.

**In the area of cyber and information space:**

-	You take on a responsible task and use the specialist knowledge you have acquired.
-	You work independently and responsibly.
-	You have the opportunity to work at home and abroad.
-	You will initially be hired as a civil servant on probation.
-	After a three-year probationary period, you will usually be appointed a civil servant for life.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.
-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
