**Title**
Coordinator (m/f/d) for logistics

As a logistics coordinator, you will supply the Bundeswehr with materials of all kinds. These include spare parts for vehicles, fuel, food and clothing, which you purchase for the Bundeswehr from an economic point of view. During missions and exercises, you ensure that these materials are available in the right place.

**Your tasks as a coordinator (m/f/d) for logistics**

-	They supply the troops with spare parts and consumables such as gasoline.
-	They accept new materials, issue them and document them.
-	They stock materials and store them properly.
-	They distribute materials to the troops.
-	They monitor material operational readiness and supplies.
-	You manage staff subordinate to you.
-	You check and control compliance with logistical regulations.
-	They calculate required supplies for fuel, ammunition, clothing and food.
-	They plan, distribute and use funds for purchases.
-	You manage purchasing costs with modern IT systems.
-	They keep statistics on material flows, deliveries and distribution.
-	You train and further train your subordinate soldiers and civilian employees.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer (m/f/d), you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
