**Title**
IT security consultant / IT security consultant (m/f/d)

In order to protect the Bundeswehr's IT systems from threats in cyberspace, you pursue an offensive security policy. They take a variety of different measures to sustainably secure IT systems, from simple office computers to highly complex weapon systems.

**Your tasks as an IT security consultant (m/f/d)**

-	You improve the level of security through advice and targeted suggestions.
-	You work across disciplines with experts from various areas of information security, such as sensor technology and forensics.
-	They support measures to raise security awareness.
-	They support the expansion of the IT security infrastructure domestically and in Bundeswehr operations.
-	You create articles on the cyber situation, meaning you evaluate the results, assess them and give recommendations for action.
-	You take part in national and international conferences to coordinate the activities of your own IT security organization with NATO members and partners.
-	You monitor compliance with IT security requirements.
-	You advise project managers on the topic of IT security when introducing new projects.
-	They create training documents on the subject of IT security and also carry out training courses themselves.
-	They provide methodical guidance in the creation and updating of IT security concepts as well as in the identification and assessment of risks.
-	You identify and evaluate IT security incidents and initiate the appropriate measures for resolution and future prevention.
-	You will gain a market overview of available IT security solutions in the hardware and software environment and make recommendations for their introduction.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	As an officer and manager (m/f/d), you will take on responsible tasks in a challenging national and international working environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.
-	You apply by March 31, 2024 for a position from May 2024.

**What matters to us**

-	You have completed a technical college or university degree.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is at least 3 years.
