**Title**
Textile laboratory assistant

As a textile laboratory technician, you will examine the chemical and physical properties of fibers, yarns, fabrics and knitted fabrics that are used for the clothing and personal equipment of soldiers.

**Your training as a textile laboratory technician (m/f/d)**

-	You will gain theoretical and practical basics about fibers, yarns and textile fabrics.
-	You will learn how to take samples in accordance with standards to determine textile parameters.
-	You will learn how to handle working materials and modern testing equipment safely and use them responsibly.
-	You will learn a variety of methods for determining the chemical and physical properties of textiles.
-	You will learn how to record, summarize and evaluate the test results.
-	You will learn how to test specific military requirements.
-	They examine the usability of Bundeswehr clothing and personal equipment.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a textile laboratory assistant, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	You will continually expand your specialist knowledge over the course of your training.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.
-	You apply by September 30, 2023 for a position from September 2024.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a qualified middle school diploma (a secondary school diploma is recommended)
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
