**Title**
Gardener (m/f/d)

As a specialist with a green thumb, you plan and create green spaces. They professionally plant small and large plants, green parks and sports fields, design paths and recultivate old green spaces.

**Your training as a gardener (m/f/d)**

-	You will be qualified to plan and design gardens and green spaces in a professional and environmentally friendly manner.
-	You will be instructed in plant science and learn to assess soil conditions.
-	You learn to use plants effectively.
-	In the field of gardening and landscaping, you design outdoor areas of various sizes.
-	They create ponds and pergolas, plant lawns, trees, bushes, perennials and flowers.
-	They create home gardens, terraces, parks, playgrounds and sports fields as well as greenery on traffic routes.
-	They pave paths and squares, build stairs and dry stone walls.
-	They green roofs and facades, create biotopes and maintain them.
-	They recultivate landfills and gravel pits.
-	Through your work, you contribute to environmental and nature conservation.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a gardener, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually develop your specialist knowledge of the care and design of gardens and green spaces.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Agriculture.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in biology.
-	They are skilled craftsmen, creative and enjoy working in nature.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
