**Title**
Businesswoman/businessman (m/f/d) for office management

As an office management clerk, you will master the high demands of modern office life. You will handle a wide range of activities and tasks in general administration, in customer service departments or in public relations. They specialize in text and document design. They handle correspondence, manage postal traffic and keep statistics. You prepare meetings and assist the management. You will acquire sound theoretical knowledge and secure practical skills in a recognized training occupation.

**Your training as a businesswoman (m/f/d) for office management**

-	You will be introduced to the use of modern office organization and communication tools and will learn how to use them competently.
-	You acquire the necessary knowledge to organize an office's correspondence smoothly.
-	You will qualify to use current IT and word processing systems professionally and appropriately.
-	You will learn to prepare meetings and events independently and to create participant lists, conference documents and other materials.
-	You design texts and documents.
-	You create statistics, files and indexes.
-	They keep appointment calendars and vacation lists.
-	You prepare business trips and meetings.
-	You process the incoming and outgoing mail.
-	You take on sub-tasks of human resources administration and accounting.
-	You assist with sales discussions, conferences and seminars.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will secure a wide range of future opportunities with solid qualifications as an office management clerk.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge and qualities in independent office management.
-	After your training, you will complete a final examination before the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in German and mathematics.
-	They are linguistically savvy.
-	You have organizational skills.
-	You like working in a team.
