**Title**
IT software developer / IT software developer (m/f/d)

As a software developer, you will create the necessary programs and code segments to protect the Bundeswehr's IT systems from threats in the cyber and information space as well as to support your own reconnaissance and action measures by exploiting vulnerabilities in IT systems.

**Your tasks as an IT software developer (m/f/d)**

-	They create programs and code segments for computer network operations.
-	You create testing tools to optimize penetration tests and vulnerability analyses.
-	You carry out functional and effectiveness tests of the created programs and code segments on various platforms.
-	They ensure the quality of the development and processing of the tools.
-	They instruct the deployment and testing teams in the use of the created and released tools.
-	You will work across disciplines with experts from various areas of information security, such as penetration testing and vulnerability analysis.
-	You work with NATO members and partners on common software solutions.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	As an officer and manager (m/f/d), you will take on responsible tasks in a challenging national and international working environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You have completed a technical college or university degree.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is at least 3 years.
