**Title**
Administrative assistant / administrative assistant (m/f/d)

As an administrative assistant, you ensure office operations in administrations. You are a communication partner for many questions and issues. You also process different processes in the federal administration. You handle personnel matters and are actively involved in adhering to business and budget plans. You will learn all the necessary knowledge and skills in a recognized training occupation. You will be trained by the Bundeswehr in the field of federal administration.

**Your training as an administrative assistant (m/f/d)**

-	You learn to master business processes in administrations.
-	You will be trained in the applicable legal regulations in the areas of responsibility of the federal administration and will apply them responsibly.
-	You get security to maintain personnel files as part of personnel administration and to calculate fees.
-	You carry out administrative tasks in recruiting, deploying and developing personnel.
-	You will learn comprehensively how to draw up budget and economic plans, work actively in budget, cash and accounting and ensure compliance with budget and economic plans.
-	You keep household monitoring lists and process payment transactions.
-	They investigate facts, develop administrative decisions and inform those involved.
-	You procure materials and manage them properly.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will open up many career opportunities thanks to your well-founded qualification as an administrative assistant.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of administrative processes.
-	You complete your training with a final examination before the examination board of the Federal Office for Personnel Management of the Bundeswehr.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
