**Title**
Specialist employee (m/f/d) for swimming pool companies

As a specialist employee for swimming pool companies, you will manage the safe operation of Bundeswehr swimming pools.
They guarantee water quality, functioning technology as well as safety and cleanliness on the entire site.

**Your training as a specialist employee (m/f/d) for swimming pool companies**

-	You will receive expert instruction in your professional field and field of activity.
-	You will learn how to operate technical systems in a swimming pool.
-	You qualify for tasks in the management of a swimming pool.
-	You will learn methods to monitor and control water quality in a swimming pool.
-	They monitor the technical systems.
-	They supervise and look after bathers and give swimming lessons.
-	You maintain and maintain sports and play equipment.
-	They ensure the cleanliness and safety of changing rooms, showers, open spaces and green areas.
-	They are trained in and carry out disinfection and cleaning work.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a specialist employee or specialist employee for swimming pool companies, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of manual and industrial coating of surfaces.
-	You complete your training with a final examination before the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK) or the responsible public service body.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You have a good feel for people.
-	You are physically fit.
