**Title**
University internship in safety engineering

The Federal Office for Infrastructure, Environmental Protection and Services of the Bundeswehr offers security engineering students places for an internship at the Bonn location.

**Your tasks**

-	Occupational safety principle
-	Technical occupational safety (e.g. personal protective equipment, workplaces, operational safety, noise protection, electrical safety, medical device law, ship safety)
-	Radiation protection
-	Chemical safety and biological agents
-	Accident prevention
-	Technical observation
-	Monitoring and enforcement activities as part of legal supervision of the Bundeswehr (rABw)

**What matters to you**

-	During the internship you will receive a monthly allowance of up to 450.00.
-	You accompany projects in a department and gain valuable experience in a varied area of responsibility.
-	You deal with a topic in the area of occupational safety.
-	Business trips as part of the internship are intended.
-	You will gain an insight into the administrative activities of a higher federal authority.
-	You coordinate the start and duration of the internship with us individually.

**What matters to us**

-	You are studying in a safety engineering course at least in the 4th semester.
-	You are interested in the topic of occupational safety.
-	Your internship will last at least four weeks and is a mandatory part of your studies.
-	Alternatively, it is possible to carry out a voluntary internship with a maximum duration of three months.
-	You have an interest in the Bundeswehr, have a basic technical understanding and work in a team on your own initiative and reliably.
-	You apply at least six months before your desired internship start date.
