**Title**
Dual study program: Meteorology

As a qualified meteorologist (FH) in the Bundeswehr's geoinformation service, your professional assessment of meteorological influences is required when planning military operations and exercises at home and abroad. Their professional expertise forms the basis for advising the armed forces on meteorological and oceanographic issues in order to contribute to the safety of our operations in the air, at sea and on land.

Studying to become a qualified meteorologist (FH) prepares you optimally for your work as a weather consultant (civilian) in the Bundeswehr's geoinformation service.

**Your tasks as a qualified meteorologist (FH) or qualified meteorologist (FH) in the geoinformation service of the Bundeswehr**

-	You participate in diverse and complex processes of the Bundeswehr's geoinformation service to support the Bundeswehr's operations and exercises at home and abroad.
-	You provide direct aviation weather advice to pilots.
-	You will independently create meteorological advisory documents for flight operations as well as for staff and commands to plan military operations at home and abroad.
-	You contribute to the further development by analyzing and optimizing the diverse processes and procedures in the weather service.
-	They protect people and material through targeted weather warnings.
-	By providing aviation weather advice, they make a significant contribution to the safety of military flight operations and the deployment of Bundeswehr forces.
-	You work on oceanographic issues in the marine sector.
-	You will be involved in the development of specialist IT applications and the further development of models for meteorological forecasting.

**What matters to you**

-	When you start your career training, you will be appointed as a civil servant candidate (civil servant upon revocation).
-	As a civil servant candidate, you complete a three-year course of study within civil service career training under the direction of the Federal University of Public Administration (HS Bund) at the training locations in Bruhl, Langen and Furstenfeldbruck
-	You will be trained in the theoretical and practical parts of the course together with members of the German Weather Service (DWD) and will gain additional insights into practical work through internships at various offices of the Bundeswehr's geoinformation service.
-	After successfully completing your studies, you will receive the academic degree uDiplom-Meteorologin (FH)u or uDiplom-Meteorologe (FH)u.
-	After completing your studies, you will qualify as an aviation weather consultant in order to be able to independently carry out aviation weather consultations in accordance with German and European air traffic regulations.
-	After completing your studies, you are usually appointed a civil servant for life after a three-year probationary period.
-	After completing your studies, you will acquire authorization to provide aviation weather advice as part of further training.
-	After successfully completing your studies, you can expect responsible tasks in a national and international environment in which you can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are characterized by your willingness to perform and motivation and are prepared to meet the work requirements flexibly and as a team player. You demonstrate assertiveness and a sense of responsibility with good physical constitution and mental resilience.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent under higher education law.
-	You have not yet reached the age of 50 at the time of your appointment as a civil servant upon revocation.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to stand up for the free, democratic basic order.
-	After completing your studies and passing the career test, you agree to work as a senior civil servant for at least 5 years.
-	As a civil servant, you are generally willing to be transferred nationwide.
-	You have an unrestricted willingness to serve at changing times.
-	You agree to take part in a health suitability assessment and, if necessary, an extended security check.
-	It is possible for civil servants to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
