**Title**
Dentist (m/f/d)

You are responsible for the dental medical treatment of the soldiers at your location. They diagnose, treat and provide therapy in one of the Bundeswehr's medical facilities . With your work, you make a significant contribution to ensuring the readiness of the soldiers.

**Your tasks as a dentist (m/f/d)**

-	They diagnose dental, oral and jaw diseases. To do this, you carry out examinations, dental treatments and procedures, arrange them and document them.
-	They assess the operational capability of soldiers.
-	You inform your patients (soldiers) about dental findings as well as therapy and treatment options.
-	They perform dental prosthetics tasks.
-	You work in dental surgery and periodontology.
-	You lead your practice team of specialists.
-	You are responsible for the further training of your assistant staff.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer, you will receive excellent military training.
-	You complete a dental degree at a civilian university.
-	You will gain knowledge of the Bundeswehr's medical system.
-	You take part in military training (including shooting training) during the semester break.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You are financially secure because during your studies you will receive a full salary that corresponds to your rank.
-	You will be released from military service for the duration of your studies.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities as well as an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a general university entrance qualification.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 17 years.
