**Title**
Businesswoman/businessman (m/f/d) in the healthcare sector

As a healthcare clerk, you manage a variety of services and their billing in the healthcare sector. You work in interesting fields in Bundeswehr clinics, polyclinics and outpatient clinics: you inform customers, record patient data and bill services to health insurance companies or other payers. You support the material and data management of healthcare services.

**Your training as a businesswoman (m/f/d) in the healthcare sector**

-	You will learn about and use different healthcare services.
-	You will learn how to use data management systems.
-	You will gain confidence in using modern office organization and communication tools.
-	You will qualify to handle billing and company health services and to handle the necessary correspondence independently.
-	They calculate benefits and conduct consultations about the Bundeswehr's health services.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a healthcare clerk, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	You will continually expand your specialist knowledge and skills throughout your training.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics.
-	They are linguistically savvy.
-	You have commercial understanding.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
