**Title**
Specialist (m/f/d) for wastewater technology

As a specialist in wastewater technology, you are the expert for drainage networks and wastewater systems in the Bundeswehr. You monitor, control and document all processes and control automated systems and machines at control centers. If there are deviations from the norm, take the necessary corrective measures immediately. You will receive the necessary theoretical knowledge and practical skills through in-depth training with a recognized employer in the dual system - in modern Bundeswehr facilities and at a vocational school.

**Your training as a specialist (m/f/d) for wastewater technology**

-	They monitor the cleaning of wastewater in the mechanical, biological and chemical treatment stages in sewage treatment plants.
-	You analyze wastewater and sewage sludge samples, document the results, evaluate them and use the knowledge gained to optimize processes.
-	They monitor sewer networks and dischargers.
-	They inspect piping systems, shafts and other system parts and clean and maintain them.
-	With appropriate qualifications, you carry out electrical installations and monitor and repair them.
-	You will acquire in-depth specialist knowledge in recognizing different types of waste, the transport types and disposal goals and methods that depend on them.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a wastewater technology specialist, you will learn a secure career in industry and commerce.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	During your training, you will continually expand your theoretical and practical specialist knowledge.
-	You complete a final examination before the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK) or the responsible public service body.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
