**Title**
Office clerk (m/f/d) for security checks

In the Federal Office for Military Counterintelligence, the specialists make a significant contribution to security within the Bundeswehr and are an important part of protecting the constitution. In your role as an office clerk in an inspection department of the Military Counterintelligence Service, you will be responsible for the final processing of security checks.

**Your tasks as an office clerk (m/f/d) for security checks**

-	They check the process for completeness and conclusiveness of the investigation results.
-	You complete the verification and specify the data to be saved.
-	You maintain the data in the security clearance files for processes that are due for final processing.
-	You are part of a professional team and face new challenges together.

**What matters to you**

-	You will take on a responsible and outstanding task within an intelligence service of the Federal Republic of Germany.
-	You will receive in-depth professional training as well as ongoing training and further education opportunities.
-	You work independently and independently with flexible working hours.
-	You can expect good professional and personal development and career opportunities in a modern and future-oriented intelligence service.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50 to be employed as a civil servant.
-	You have a secondary school leaving certificate or a secondary school leaving certificate and completed vocational training. In both cases, you also need to have completed beneficial vocational training.
-	In addition, you can provide evidence of a full-time activity of at least 1.5 years that is similar and equivalent to medium-level non-technical administrative service.
-	Alternatively, you have a career qualification for medium non-technical administrative service.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are motivated, communicative and a team player.
-	You are fluent in the German language, both spoken and written.
-	You work independently and accurately and have a strong sense of responsibility.
