**Title**
Manager (m/f/d) combat swimmer

As a leader of the combat swimmers, you are the specialist for extraordinary assignments in the German Navy. Trained in a wide variety of weapon systems and combat methods, you will lead the underwater close combat ordnance defense.

**Your tasks as a manager (m/f/d) combat swimmer**

-	You acquire basic knowledge of diving physics.
-	You will be instructed in terrestrial and underwater navigation as well as tidal science.
-	You will learn the swimming and diving techniques of combat swimmers.
-	You will be trained in and apply all the safety regulations of a combat swimmer mission.
-	You will learn how the diving and rescue equipment of the combat swimmer troop is designed, how it works and how it is handled.
-	You will learn how to safely use specific weapons and equipment for combat swimmer operations.
-	They are trained by experienced masters in their field to plan and implement blasting operations under and above water.
-	You practice parachute jumps day and night and with different jump and parachute variants.
-	You will learn to steer different types of boats in use and to routinely assess their sea behavior.
-	You plan and lead the operations of your combat swimmers in coastal areas, in harbor entrances, in harbor or lock systems, in landing areas and waters or in rivers.
-	They drop off people and material and equipment from Bundeswehr aircraft.
-	They lead demolition operations with or without the use of divers.
-	They take on rescue and recovery tasks.
-	You are responsible for the health and lives of the combat swimmers entrusted to you. To do this, you will be trained in rescue measures in the event of accidents during combat swimmer operations.
-	You will learn to recognize the symptoms of diving sickness in order to respond competently by helping yourself and your friends.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer, you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.
-	You will initially be recruited and trained in the Marine General Service career. After successfully completing your training, you will go through the selection process to become a combat swimmer.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	They are resilient even under high physical and psychological pressure.
-	You like to take on special personnel responsibilities.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
