**Title**
Specialist (m/f/d) for circular and waste management

As a circular and waste management specialist, you are an expert in the identification and specific disposal of all types of waste. They ensure that waste is disposed of and recycled correctly. They organize the collection and sorting of waste, recycle it or dispose of it in an environmentally friendly manner. To do this, you must identify types of waste, separate them and dispose of hazardous waste in a targeted manner. Planning and carrying out the removal is also part of your tasks.

**Your training as a specialist (m/f/d) for circular and waste management**

-	You are responsible for collection of waste by garbage trucks.
-	You advise customers on questions about waste separation and disposal.
-	They are responsible for sorting through problematic waste and transporting hazardous waste such as chemicals, paint, batteries or oil.
-	You will learn to plan, organize and carry out collection and disposal.
-	They clarify which waste can be reused for recycling and, if necessary, obtain clarity through tests in the company laboratory.
-	They also take care of waste that cannot be recycled. They ensure that harmless waste is sent to the incineration plant, that organic waste rots into humus in a special process and that hazardous waste is transported to a landfill or a special incineration plant.
-	You apply the legal regulations (such as dangerous goods regulations, safety regulations) and environmental protection guidelines and know valid limit values.
-	In individual cases, they determine what level of pollutants the soil has and ensure further investigations or the disposal of contaminated areas.
-	They know all types of waste and rubbish and know how to deal with them.
-	You know which containers ensure the safe transport of different types of waste.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will gain knowledge in a recognized training occupation.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	During your training, you will develop your specialist knowledge in recognizing different types of waste, the types of transport and disposal destinations and methods that depend on them.
-	You complete a final examination before the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
-	You are good at organizing.
