**Title**
Office clerk (m/f/d)

As an office clerk in the middle non-technical administrative service, you will support the supply of personnel and a variety of services to the armed forces in a variety of areas of the Bundeswehr administration so that the troops can fulfill their military mission. Bring in the knowledge you gained in your vocational training and your experience from your first professional positions in the Bundeswehr administration. In various specialist areas you can contribute to the fulfillment of orders for the entire Bundeswehr. You will also develop your specialist knowledge in practice and embark on a secure career as a civil servant.

**Your tasks as an office clerk (m/f/d)**

-	They work mainly in departments of the Bundeswehr administration, for example in the Federal Office for Infrastructure, Environmental Protection and Services of the Bundeswehr (BAIUDBw), in the Federal Office for Equipment, Information Technology and Use of the Bundeswehr (BAAINBw) or in the Federal Office for Personnel Management of the Bundeswehr (BAPersBw). . You can also be deployed in the Federal Office for the Military Counterintelligence Service (BAMAD).
-	You also have the opportunity to work in military departments.
-	You can support the procurement department in purchasing equipment that the armed forces and the Bundeswehr administration need to fulfill their missions.
-	They can also work in public budgeting by checking invoices and making payments, e.g. B. for travel expenses or purchased goods and services.
-	You will take on tasks in the areas of information technology, human resources or infrastructure management and environmental protection.
-	You can also work in logistics and materials management, in organizational tasks and in personnel recruitment.

**What matters to you**

-	You take on a responsible task and use the specialist knowledge you have acquired.
-	You work independently and responsibly.
-	You will be hired as a civil servant on probation.
-	After a three-year probationary period, you will usually be appointed as a civil servant for life.
-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You apply by March 31, 2024 for a position from November 2024.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50 to be employed as a civil servant.
-	You have a secondary school leaving certificate or a secondary school leaving certificate combined with completed vocational training . In both cases, you also need to have completed professional training, for example in administration, tax or law.
-	In addition, you can provide evidence of a full-time activity of at least 1.5 years duration that is similar and equivalent to the medium-level non-technical administrative service or that you have career qualifications for the medium-level non-technical administrative service.
-	They work conscientiously.
-	You think in a structured way.
-	You are confident in speaking and writing.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	As a civil servant, you are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	It is possible for civil servants to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
