**Title**
Electronics technician (m/f/d) for industrial technology

As an electronics technician for industrial engineering, you will learn a qualified, modern craft. In your area of responsibility, you will monitor and check the functionality of high-voltage systems as well as signaling and communication systems. You will be introduced to this responsible role by experienced trainers in the dual training system - in modern Bundeswehr facilities and in vocational schools.

**Your training as an electronics technician (m/f/d) for industrial engineering**

-	You will learn to install various plumbing systems and electrical equipment.
-	You will be trained to assemble switching and automation devices.
-	You will receive in-depth knowledge to program and configure systems.
-	You will gain confidence in monitoring and testing high-voltage systems, signaling and communication systems and measurement, control and regulation technology systems.
-	You will learn to make mechanical parts and connections and to measure constant and alternating quantities.
-	You qualify to assemble and connect assemblies of electrical systems and to maintain energy technology systems.
-	You will acquire the necessary skills to assemble and install signaling and lighting technology systems as well as electrical machines and control devices.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as an electronics technician, you will learn a recognized profession in industry and commerce.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of electronic systems.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
