**Title**
Electronics technician (m/f/d) for building and infrastructure systems

Without your knowledge, no building technology works sustainably. As a trainee as an electronics technician or trainee as an electronics technician for building and infrastructure systems, you will grow into your responsible job.

**Your training as an electronics technician (m/f/d) for building and infrastructure systems**

-	You will be expertly introduced to your professional or field of activity.
-	You will acquire all the theoretical and practical knowledge necessary for technical building management, maintenance, operation and repair of building services systems.
-	You will learn how to diagnose errors and assess and eliminate technical threats.
-	You analyze requirements for building services systems.
-	They identify potential hazards and design the necessary facilities and technical systems.
-	You advise your clients, calculate costs, award orders and accept the services of third parties.
-	You inspect and maintain facilities and systems.
-	You integrate and configure building services systems, program controls and check the function of systems and safety devices.
-	You repair technical equipment or arrange for it to be repaired.
-	You will learn to design building services systems and their configuration.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as an electronics technician, you will learn a safe trade.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of electronic systems.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Crafts.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
