**Title**
Manager (m/f/d) property protection force

They protect Air Force installations and objects. These include, for example, military airfields including aircraft, hangar facilities, radar and anti-aircraft positions, which you are responsible for protecting. To do this, you will learn to master various weapons. Your tasks also include cooperation with other security forces in order to counter acute threats with combat. They take on these security tasks at home and abroad.

**Your tasks as a manager (m/f/d) in the property protection force**

-	As the leader of a unit at Air Force locations, you ensure the security of objects and valuable equipment - during training and combat operations.
-	They plan and carry out the training of the combat air force units (Air Force infantry).
-	They use vehicles, night vision and thermal imaging devices and weapons to protect air force installations and objects. These include various hand weapons and anti-tank weapons such as rifles, pistols and machine guns.
-	You design the plan for the deployment of an air force security unit using tactical symbols (symbolic representation of orders).
-	You are responsible for the technical and general military training and further education of the personnel under your supervision.
-	You select, train and evaluate military leaders subordinate to you.
-	You work with other security forces such as military police (field police), naval security officers, security forces from NATO and/or EU partner nations. You coordinate these joint operations.
-	They carry out stationary and mobile operations in threatening situations, including in different types of terrain and under different weather conditions.
-	You provide technical advice to superiors (m/f/d) and represent them. In addition, you are responsible for advising the property commander on security issues.
-	You systematically evaluate training and operational experiences.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer (m/f/d), you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
