**Title**
Ship mechanic (m/f/d)

As a ship mechanic, you operate and maintain the technical systems and machines on board a diving training boat. You will also take on duty shifts on the command bridge and in the engine room.

**Your training as a ship mechanic (m/f/d)**

-	You work on a Navy diving training boat.
-	You will learn how to work shift work in ship operations management on deck and in the engine room.
-	You learn to assess and document security risks.
-	They are formed in metal processing, for example on sheets, pipes and profiles made of ferrous and non-ferrous metals.
-	You will be trained to handle fire prevention and rescue equipment in ship operations and keep them operational.
-	They help with loading and reloading the ship.
-	You operate technical systems on board a ship and carry out technical inspections of the holds, cargo tanks and decks.
-	They maintain machines and equipment and carry out repairs on deck.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a ship mechanic, you will learn a safe trade.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge in a traditional maritime profession.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Maritime Vocational Training Center.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
