**Title**
Dental assistant / dental assistant (m/f/d)

As a dental assistant, you do crucial work to ensure that the care of patients in a dental practice is successful.

**Your training as a dental assistant (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn about all the treatment processes in a dental practice.
-	You will learn the organizational and administrative tasks required to prepare and carry out dental treatments.
-	You gain confidence in independently explaining preventive dental health measures to patients.
-	They assist with prophylaxis and dental treatments.
-	You look after patients before, during and after treatment.
-	They take hygiene measures.
-	They take x-rays.
-	You record services for billing and handle correspondence.
-	You plan appointments.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	With the sound qualification to become a dental assistant, you will secure excellent career prospects in a future-oriented industry.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge in dental care, practice organization and dental assistance.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the (state) dental association.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of biology and chemistry.
-	You enjoy working with and for people.
-	You treat people sensitively.
-	You are good at organizing.
