**Title**
Manager (m/f/d) special forces command

As a leader in the Special Forces Command, you prepare special military orders and implement them in a highly flexible manner based on special knowledge - whether on land, at sea or from the air: with a high sense of responsibility, you lead units of the command force in exercises and in operations. You will defy adverse climatic conditions and carry out challenging tasks independently.

**Your tasks as a manager (m/f/d) in the special forces command**

-	They lead command operations in the special forces' area of responsibility and lead the personnel subordinate to them.
-	You take on command assignments and - depending on the assignment - are on your own for a longer period of time with the soldiers under your command.
-	You take on tasks and missions in all climate zones and are able to get to your location by land, water and air transport.
-	As the leader of a commando company in the training and testing center of the Special Forces Command, you are responsible for the training and further education of commando soldiers.
-	They oversee the maintenance and care of weapons, equipment and vehicles.
-	You will be involved in training planning, operational testing and special projects.
-	On the staff of the Special Forces Command, you are involved in the preparation and implementation of exercises and operations and carry out personnel recruitment for the special forces within the Bundeswehr.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer (m/f/d), you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible task in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
