**Title**
Cook (m/f/d)

As a cook, you are responsible for the physical well-being of the guests. You will learn comprehensive knowledge in a recognized training occupation.

**Your training as a chef (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn to master all the work processes that occur in kitchens. You get security in the typical work steps.
-	They are suitable for all types of preparation: boiling, frying, baking or garnishing. You will learn the appropriate order and how to get meals on the table on time, even in large quantities.
-	In smaller kitchens, you prepare all the dishes yourself. In larger kitchens you usually specialize in side dishes, salads or fish and meat dishes.
-	You will use recipes for all kinds of dishes and perfect your preparation skills.
-	You will be trained to create meal plans.
-	You will learn about and apply methods and procedures for business-oriented purchasing of the necessary ingredients.
-	You buy, prepare or store food.
-	They calculate prices for the dishes, advise guests on their selection and answer their questions.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a cook, you will learn a civilly recognized service profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your theoretical and practical specialist knowledge.
-	With your well-founded qualifications as a chef, you will open up many career opportunities.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good performance in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the natural sciences.
-	They are skilled craftsmen.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
