**Title**
Officer (m/f/d) with Bachelor/Master

Whether as a pilot of a combat aircraft, as a nautical officer on a ship or as a platoon leader in a tank company: As an officer, you, as a superior, are responsible for training, leadership and education of the soldiers entrusted to you. They are responsible for planning, organizing and carrying out general military and military-technical training as well as military exercises and operations. In doing so, you will convey the necessary military and technical professionalism for all the challenges associated with being a soldier. From service in the barracks to deployment abroad: In addition to technical expertise, you also need pedagogical skills and assertiveness.

**Your career as an officer who has already completed your studies**

-	As a prospective officer, you complete excellent military training for up to one year at an officer school.
-	Promoted to lieutenant after just 12 months
-	If necessary, a master's degree at one of the two Bundeswehr universities in Hamburg or Munich : Both universities offer research and teaching at the top European level in well over 50 study programs.
-	You will receive further military and technical training for your work as a manager in the armed forces.
-	They are fully trained and ready to join the force after just two, or at the latest, four years.

**What matters to you**

-	In certain applications, if you wish and need it, you can complete a master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	At the Bundeswehr universities you study in trimesters: This means that a master's degree is possible within one year.
-	You increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You will take on a responsible task in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You work in a friendly working environment in secure economic conditions.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities as well as training opportunities and an attractive remuneration package in accordance with the Federal Remuneration Act (BBesG).
-	You have access to free medical care from the Bundeswehr.
-	You apply by April 30, 2024 for a position from July 2024.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You already have a university degree recognized in Germany with at least a bachelor's degree.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are motivated and ambitious.
-	You demonstrate a high level of flexibility and commitment.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You are ready to stand up for the free, democratic basic order.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is 13 years - as a pilot, 16 years (the age of 62 may not be reached within the period of commitment). There is also the chance of being offered a permanent employment contract as a professional soldier.
