**Title**
Weather observer (m/f/d)

As a civil servant in the middle scientific service (weather service), you will be deployed in central advisory facilities of the armed forces, in the meteorological observation service at Bundeswehr airfields or to ensure meteorological data supply in the Bundeswehr Center for Geoinformation.

**Your tasks as an official in the weather service **

-	They know the importance of careful weather observation for the safe conduct of flight operations and are prepared to act at any time to ensure flight safety.
-	You can record, document, encode meteorological data and send it as a weather report.
-	They observe weather developments, prepare and provide weather information.
-	They know the influences of the weather that are relevant for military projects and operations and participate in the evaluation.
-	You operate and monitor IT systems, troubleshoot errors and thus ensure the high availability of continuous and quality-assured meteorological measurements.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete 18.5 months of civil service career training with the status of a civil servant on revocation.
-	After successful career testing, you will be employed as a civil servant on probation in a department of the Bundeswehr's geoinformation service. As a rule, after a three-year probationary period, you will be appointed a civil servant for life.
-	You can show and develop your skills and talents in different fields of work.
-	You work in a varied, collegial environment.
-	You will be trained and employed by a recognized and family-friendly employer in secure economic conditions. You can expect an attractive salary.
-	You apply by October 31, 2024 for a position from October 2025.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50 to become a civil servant.
-	You have a secondary school leaving certificate or a secondary school leaving certificate combined with completed vocational training or a recognized level of education that is at least equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are willing to work flexibly and with varying working hours.
-	You agree to take part in a health suitability assessment and, if necessary, an extended security check.
-	In principle, you are ready to be transferred nationwide.
