**Title**
Manager (m/f/d) pioneer troop

They not only build bridges, but also repair buildings. They ensure that roads are passable again. To do this, you also remove obstacles with explosives. In any operational area, you will ensure that the infrastructure is restored to clear the way for other troops. You combine your technical understanding and the willingness to take responsibility for yourself and others in training and deployment. In doing so, you bring in your own solutions to problems that make the deployment of other units possible.

**Your tasks as a leader (m/f/d) in the pioneer troop**

-	You lead a sub-unit of the pioneer troops in basic operations and in operations.
-	You advise superiors (m/f/d) and troops on questions about pioneer support.
-	They plan and lead general training projects, training in pioneer service and general combat service, including shooting training and practicing explosives projects.
-	You train your soldiers in how to handle explosives, detonators and mines and impart knowledge about chemical relationships and physical properties.
-	They help build infrastructure in operational areas abroad and support the construction of paths, roads, bridges and wells.
-	You are responsible for the equipment and materials of your sub-unit and monitor and manage the technical service.
-	By building bridges during operations, they ensure that the combat troops can make progress.
-	They perform tasks in a special function, such as participating in the conception and further development of the pioneer troops at office level, participating in the development and testing of military material and subsequent introduction, and carrying out course-related training in training institutions.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer (m/f/d), you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
