**Title**
Manager (m/f/d) tank troops

As a leader in the armored force, you lead the soldiers in a platoon (around 20 people) or a company (around 80 people) under your command and are responsible for their training and discipline. You prepare yourself and your young comrades optimally for missions.

**Your tasks as a leader (m/f/d) in the tank troops**

-	You are a platoon leader for up to four Leopard 2 main battle tanks and at the same time the commander of the crew of a Leopard 2 main battle tank.
-	You give your driving staff directions and gunners targets.
-	They train in various types of combat at military training areas and in combat training centers.
-	You plan the training of your subordinate personnel and for prospective tank commanders. They also train armored personnel themselves, for example in terrain knowledge or radio communications.
-	You are responsible for maintaining materials within your area of responsibility. To do this, you will assign personnel to the care and maintenance of the Leopard 2 main battle tank, the associated weapon systems and personal equipment.
-	They conduct lessons on military topics as well as in the context of political education.
-	You support your superiors (m/f/d) with planning and decisions.
-	As you gain experience and qualifications, as a company commander you will receive additional responsibility for more personnel and material.
-	You select soldiers under your command for your area of responsibility and assess them during training.
-	After such a leadership assignment, you can then demonstrate your planning skills in a responsible position in a management team, where, for example, you can coordinate and control training and operations.
-	In the further course of your career, you will possibly train the next generation of officers in the tank troops as a lecture hall manager at the armored troop school in Munster, Lower Saxony.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer (m/f/d), you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
