**Title**
IT specialist (m/f/d) for application development

As an IT specialist for application development, you will be able to develop software and applications for the Bundeswehr. They cover a wide range of areas from commercial programs to web content management systems. You create new individual software or test existing applications, adapt them and develop application-oriented user interfaces. You will also take on tasks in project planning and control. In addition, you correct errors with the help of expert and diagnostic systems and advise and train users. During your training, you will learn step by step how to use programming languages and tools and how to do justice to this responsible position.

**Your training as an IT specialist (m/f/d) for application development**-	You will learn how to distinguish operating systems and their areas of application and what you need to consider when adapting, configuring and testing systems.
-	You will be trained to apply programming logic and methods.
-	You advise customers and develop application solutions for their purposes.
-	You will learn how business accounting results are evaluated for controlling purposes.
-	You can distinguish between network architectures and know which programming languages are suitable for what and how to use them.
-	You will learn to recognize the effects of your own communication and information behavior in professional contexts and to use digital media responsibly.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	With the sound qualification as an IT specialist, you will secure excellent career prospects in a future industry.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
