**Title**
Aircraft mechanic / aircraft mechanic (m/f/d)

As an aircraft mechanic, you work directly on the tarmac. They ensure that Bundeswehr aircraft and helicopters can take off and land safely and reliably. They assemble hydraulic systems, inspect engines, dismantle them into their individual parts and test them. You combine assemblies and take on tasks in the maintenance and production of individual components.

**Your training as an aircraft mechanic (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn techniques and tools for maintaining aircraft.
-	They are trained to maintain engines.
-	You will be able to completely dismantle engines and system components.
-	They will be able to produce entire engines or individual system components in Bundeswehr aircraft
-	You gain the confidence to identify and resolve faults.
-	You will be qualified to read technical drawings and implement them in practice.
-	In the maintenance technology department, you maintain a wide range of aircraft and work on their manufacture.
-	They assemble individual parts into functional systems such as hydraulic systems.
-	They assemble subsystems in aircraft.
-	They check functions and eliminate malfunctions.
-	You take on tasks in handling aircraft.
-	In the field of engine technology, you assemble individual parts into assemblies, engine modules or entire engines based on technical drawings.
-	They rivet, screw, weld and solder the individual parts into a whole.
-	They test finished engines on special test benches.
-	They maintain engines and carry out checks.
-	They eliminate damage and malfunctions to all engine components and systems.
-	During a general overhaul of the engines, you completely disassemble them into all of their individual parts and check each part before putting everything back together.
-	In the field of manufacturing technology, you assemble individual parts into assemblies or entire aircraft based on technical drawings.
-	They connect individual parts, assemble technical system components into the bodyshell and install the interior fittings.
-	They also undertake maintenance and repair work.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as an aircraft mechanic, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of installing and maintaining a variety of components in aircraft.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of English, chemistry and physics
-	They are skilled craftsmen.
-	You are interested in technology and understand technical contexts.
-	You enjoy working well in a team.
