**Title**
Media technologist (m/f/d)

As a media technologist, you produce printed products. You select suitable printing machines for production and set them up. You prepare print data and control the professional printing process of print products. In your work, you not only operate modern machines, but also repair them in the event of technical failures.

**Your training as a print media technologist (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn to plan, edit and monitor printing processes on your own responsibility.
-	You will be trained in checking order documents, print data or print forms.
-	You select suitable materials for production.
-	You will learn to recognize and correct errors in the printing process and technical malfunctions.
-	You check printed matter and gain the ability to correct any errors that may be identified.
-	You will be trained to evaluate the quality of materials.
-	They assess whether printing machines are correctly set up and operational.
-	You will be trained in the maintenance of sensors, mechanical, pneumatic, hydraulic or electronic parts of printing machines and their repair.
-	They support the professional processing of print orders.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a media technologist, you will learn a secure career.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge in the printing industry.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
-	You work in a structured and independent manner.
