**Title**
Electronics technician (m/f/d) for information and system technology

As an electronics technician for information and systems technology, you not only combine devices and hardware with the appropriate software, you even program extensive systems yourself. You also detect and eliminate faults. You can adapt standardized applications to individual requirements and create the necessary interfaces.

**Your training as an electronics technician (m/f/d) for information and systems technology**

-	You will receive expert instruction in your professional field and field of activity.
-	You will learn theoretically and practically how to develop and configure different systems and system solutions. In doing so, you also support the customer-specific development work of the Bundeswehr engineers.
-	You will learn to adapt standardized software solutions, program software components and create interfaces.
-	You will learn to develop and install automation, information and communication systems, control elements, signaling and security systems as well as radio technology systems.
-	You will learn how to isolate system faults and correct defects in order to be able to provide support and carry out network-specific checks.
-	You assemble hardware components and other electronic components and install information technology devices.
-	You configure operating systems and networks.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	With the in-depth qualification as an electronics technician, you will secure excellent career prospects in an industry of the future.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subject of physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
