**Title**
IT security expert / IT security expert (m/f/d)

As an IT security expert, you focus on a specific area, for example common operating systems via active and passive network components, extensive databases, web applications or mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets.

**Your tasks as an IT security expert (m/f/d)**

-	You specialize in an area of expertise, such as operating systems, network components, web servers, data center technology, mobile devices or databases.
-	You examine hardware and software in your area of expertise for security gaps and document them.
-	You support the testing teams with your specialist expertise, for example with penetration tests and vulnerability analyses.
-	You support the Computer Network Operations (CNO) teams during operations.
-	You support enemy teams as part of cyber defense exercises.
-	You create contributions to the impact analysis.
-	You develop configuration specifications.
-	You take part in high-quality industrial training so that you are always up to date with the latest technology.
-	You develop training documents and practice scenarios for in-house training.
-	They conduct training for military and civilian users.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	As an officer and manager (m/f/d), you will take on responsible tasks in a challenging national and international working environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You have completed a technical college or university degree.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is at least 3 years.
