**Title**
Studies: Bachelor of Science (m/f/d) Civil Engineering

The Bundeswehr universities in Hamburg and Munich offer the Civil Engineering and Civil Engineering and Environmental Sciences courses, and upon successful completion of these courses they award the academic degree Bachelor of Science (B. Sc.). These courses provide you with knowledge that is required for a professional activity as a civil servant in the higher technical administrative service in the field of civil engineering or a comparable position as a collective bargaining employee at a higher functional level in the Bundeswehr administration.

**Your tasks as an engineer (m/f/d) - Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering**

-	You work at the interface between the Bundeswehr and the state building administrations that plan and carry out construction.
-	You support the state construction administration in the implementation of Bundeswehr construction measures.
-	You will carry out the technical review and final evaluation of construction documents.
-	You will be involved in determining whether completed construction measures are ready for handover.
-	You help optimize operational processes.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will receive a gross monthly salary of approximately 1,325.
-	You have the option of renting modern, affordable accommodation near campus.
-	Your tuition fees are covered by the Bundeswehr.
-	Once you have successfully completed your studies, you will be taken on as a non-exempt employee in the Bundeswehr administration. After completing a full-time job of 18 months, it is possible - with recognition of career qualifications - to be taken on as a civil servant on probation in the senior technical administrative service in the field of civil engineering.
-	You apply by April 8, 2024 for a position starting in September 2024.

**What matters to us**

-	You have a general university entrance qualification or can provide evidence of a level of education recognized as equivalent under higher education law; This can also be a professional qualification or a master craftsman qualification according to state law.
-	The necessary job-related internship lasting twelve (Helmut Schmidt University / University of the Bundeswehr Hamburg) or nine (University of the Bundeswehr Munich) weeks can be completed in whole or in part during the semester break.
-	If you wish to become a civil servant at a later date after completing your full-time job, you will meet the requirements of Section 7 of the Federal Civil Service Act.
-	They stand for the free, democratic basic order in the sense of the Basic Law.
-	You agree to participate in a health suitability assessment and an enhanced security screening.
-	The prerequisite for employment as a civil servant is that you have not yet reached the age of 50 at the time of employment.
