**Title**
Firefighter (m/f/d) - career training

As a civil servant in the senior fire service, you take on great responsibility for the colleagues entrusted to you and the Bundeswehr's material.

**Your tasks as a firefighter (m/f/d) in the senior fire service**

-	As a civil servant candidate, you complete a qualifying 18-month career training course with theoretical and practical components.
-	As the head of a fire station or a security department, you are responsible for daily operations, the training of emergency services and operations.
-	At the Bundeswehr Fire Protection Center, you are the first point of contact for preventive and defensive fire protection for the departments.
-	As a fire protection officer, you will be involved, among other things, with operational planning, capability development, logistics and preventive fire protection on Bundeswehr properties.
-	You plan and organize the career and advanced training courses at the school for NBC defense and legal protection tasks as a lecture hall manager or troop specialist teacher.
-	You apply by November 30, 2024 for a position from October 2025.

**What matters to you**

-	At the beginning of your career training, you will be appointed as a civil servant candidate (civil servant on revocation).
-	You will become an expert in fire protection in one of the largest fire protection organizations in Germany.
-	You can demonstrate and develop your skills and talents in an exceptionally challenging field of work.
-	After you have successfully completed your career training, you will work in a Bundeswehr station as a civil servant on probation.
-	After a three-year probationary period, you are usually appointed as a civil servant for life.
-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50.
-	You have completed a bachelor's or diploma (FH) degree in a suitable technical or scientific field.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You agree to work as a civil servant for at least 5 years after passing the career test.
-	As a civil servant, you are generally willing to be transferred nationwide.
-	It is possible for civil servants to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
