**Title**
Dual study program: safety technology

With the dual course of study in Safety Technology you will be optimally prepared for your responsible tasks in a managerial position.

**Your Bachelor of Science degree**

-	As a civil servant candidate, you will complete qualifying career training in 3.5 years and complete the Safety Technology course at the Bergische Universitt Wuppertal.
-	You complete various internships at the Bundeswehr fire stations at airfields, military training areas and underground facilities.
-	In various courses you will learn the special features of preventive and defensive fire protection in the Bundeswehr.
-	At the end of your studies, you will take the career test for the senior fire service and will be awarded the academic degree of Bachelor of Science.
-	After passing the career test, you will be appointed as a civil servant on probation.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	At the beginning of your career training, you will be appointed as a civil servant candidate (civil servant upon revocation).
-	You are financially protected by receiving your candidate's salary during your studies.
-	You will become an expert in fire protection in one of the largest fire protection organizations in Germany.
-	After completing your studies, you are usually appointed a civil servant for life after a three-year probationary period.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You have a general university entrance qualification or
-	You have a subject-specific university entrance qualification with a technical or technical training course
-	You have the university entrance qualification for those with professional qualifications.
-	You are interested in technology and are enthusiastic about the fire service.
-	You are physically fit and fully suitable for respiratory protection.
-	After completing your studies and passing the career test, you agree to work as a civil servant in the senior fire service for at least 5 years.
-	As a civil servant, you are generally willing to be transferred nationwide.
-	It is possible for civil servants to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad
