**Title**
Pilot (m/f/d) in the Navy

As a pilot of Navy aircraft and helicopters, such as the P-3C Orion maritime patrol aircraft, the P-8A Poseidon, the Sea Lynx Mk88A on-board helicopter, the NH-90 NTH Sea Lion or the DO 228 LM, you will master flying tasks and Operational situations of the highest difficulty. You lead a crew on the ground and in the air and take responsibility for them and the cargo. You prepare flying missions independently based on your comprehensive knowledge and carry them out together with partner nations, both at home and abroad. You will be responsible for organizing your diverse tasks, including in a multinational association. You will continually expand your theoretical and practical knowledge and face the high physical demands and challenges in different operational scenarios.

**Your tasks as a pilot (m/f/d) in the Navy**

-	They collect information on the operational situation, the flight weather, air traffic control, the threat situation and any special features of the operation.
-	You plan the flight route and prepare maps using electronic aids.
-	You conduct the pre-flight briefing with your crew.
-	You determine flight performance data for takeoff, climb, cruise and landing, including the planning of alternative airports.
-	They check and keep the on-board and maintenance log.
-	You check your transport aircraft including its systems and assess the operational capability of your crew.
-	They operate the aircraft and helicopters in accordance with valid regulations, instructions and orders.
-	They monitor compliance with the planned flight path and the prescribed aviation procedures during operations and exercises.
-	You operate your flights day and night, both domestically and internationally.
-	They transport freight and passengers to all Bundeswehr training and operational areas.
-	They also conduct medical evacuations of patients from operational areas using specialized equipment.
-	After the flight, you hand over the aircraft to the maintenance unit.
-	You lead the crew debriefing.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer, you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	With a technical college or university entrance qualification, you can complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities - assuming you are suitable for studying.
-	You benefit from several years of training to become a pilot at home and abroad.
-	You maintain and supplement the knowledge and skills you have learned in regular flight service.
-	You will take on a responsible task and a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 16 years.
