**Title**
Human Resources Manager (m/f/d)

You handle personnel matters for the armed forces, promote careers, identify personnel needs and develop human resources work concepts. You formulate assessments and advise superiors on personnel development and promotion. You will also work on high-profile employer marketing measures and support soldiers with career issues.

**Your tasks as a human resources manager (m/f/d)**

-	You process measures and tasks relating to military personnel management, internal leadership, internal situation and law, including military law.
-	You are responsible for processing processes relating to the award of medals and decorations as well as best awards and performance-related remuneration.
-	They participate in the development, editing and revision of regulations, instructions and guidelines for military personnel management at the ministerial level or the immediately subordinate level of the higher command authorities.
-	You will be involved in the training of confidants.
-	You can work in the area of human resources and youth marketing.
-	You advise department heads and military superiors (m/f/d) on all questions relating to assessment.
-	You handle matters relating to the allowance system.
-	You will take on tasks related to personnel selection, personnel development, personnel promotion and personnel retention.
-	You work with internal bodies such as career advice and career development services as well as with the Federal Employment Agency or external personnel service providers.
-	You are responsible for information work in personnel matters.
-	You advise superiors (m/f/d) and soldiers working in the subordinate area.
-	They exercise technical supervision over all subordinate military personnel management departments.
-	They handle personnel matters such as transfers, changes of position, applications in career matters and termination of military service.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer (m/f/d), you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
