**Title**
Engineer (m/f/d) for radar and data processing systems

As an engineer for radar and data processing systems, you are an expert in the technology used in flight guidance services. They ensure the technical operational readiness of the stationary and deployable systems and devices. You will master the theoretical and practical basics of radar, communication and data processing systems for air traffic control or air traffic control and use this knowledge to carry out tasks in a national and international environment. With a strategic focus, you coordinate the technical operational processes in military units and staffs and deploy your subordinate team efficiently.

**Your tasks as an engineer (m/f/d) for radar and data processing systems**

-	You coordinate the maintenance measures of the systems and devices assigned to you.
-	They monitor whether air traffic control, environmental and occupational safety regulations, as well as general rules and work procedures, are being adhered to.
-	You develop statements, suggestions for improvement and error analyzes in order to optimize the availability of technical systems, systems and devices.
-	You create technical requirements and determine performance parameters of new systems.
-	You will work on national and international procurement projects in project management.
-	As a product manager, you control all logistical processes on airspace surveillance systems and ensure their constant technical availability.
-	You are responsible for organizing the service operations in your area of responsibility.
-	You will take on national and international management and leadership tasks and develop further in your specialist area.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer (m/f/d), you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You take on professional and personnel responsibility.
-	You will learn how to optimize processes and find solutions to errors.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
