**Title**
Veterinary assistant / veterinary assistant (m/f/d)

As a veterinary assistant, you take care of people and animals. You will demonstrate your diverse talents in the Bundeswehr in a veterinary practice and in the hospital ward: you will look after animals, look after animal owners and advise on animal health. In addition, you will prepare veterinary treatments, assist the veterinarian and organize the practice.

**Your training as a veterinary assistant (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn about all the treatment processes in a veterinary practice.
-	You gain confidence in how veterinary treatments are prepared and carried out.
-	You will be trained to run a veterinary practice and to carry out organizational and administrative tasks independently.
-	You look after animals before, during and after treatment.
-	They take x-rays and carry out laboratory work.
-	They look after animals in the hospital ward and advise animal owners on questions about proper husbandry.
-	They provide information about disease prevention and rehabilitation options.
-	You ensure the necessary hygiene in the veterinary practice and manage the veterinary pharmacy.
-	They provide first aid in emergencies.
-	You take on administrative tasks and organize the practice processes.
-	You document treatment processes for the patient files.
-	They make appointments and welcome the animal owners and their animals.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	With the sound qualification as a veterinary assistant, you will secure excellent career prospects in a future-oriented industry.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge and professional practice.
-	You complete your training with a final examination before the (state) veterinary association.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of biology and chemistry.
-	You enjoy working with and for animals and people.
-	You treat people sensitively.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
