**Title**
Specialist / specialist employee (m/f/d) for media and information services

As a trainee as a specialist or trainee as a specialist for media and information services, you qualify for an interesting job in libraries of the Bundeswehr.

**Your training as a specialist employee (m/f/d) for media and information services**

-	You learn to research databases and networks.
-	You will be trained to obtain and acquire media, information and data.
-	They ensure that media stocks and other information carriers are secured.
-	You practice the use of information and communication systems.
-	You will be fully qualified to inform, advise and support customers.
-	You will learn how to use bibliographic information resources to acquire media.
-	You learn to process media according to formal rules and assign content.
-	You will be trained to equip media with library technology and to organize and manage collections.
-	You will receive the knowledge to process loans, returns, reminders and pre-orders of media.
-	You will be trained to obtain information and media for customers using electronic and conventional delivery systems.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	Thanks to your well-founded qualifications as a specialist in media and information services, you will open up many career opportunities.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of media and information services.
-	You complete your training with a final examination before the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK) or the responsible public service body.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
