**Title**
Officer (m/f/d) in the geoinformation service

With the specialist expertise you have acquired in a geoscientific field of study relevant to the Bundeswehr's geoinformation service, you will be involved in the diverse and complex processes for obtaining, processing, analyzing and providing current, quality-assured geoinformation using modern specialist IT systems for the Bundeswehr.

**Your tasks as an officer (m/f/d) in the geoinformation service of the Bundeswehr (side entry)**

-	They collect and analyze geoinformation and prepare it as needed for use in the armed forces.
-	They provide the armed forces with current, quality-assured information about the earth's geography and atmosphere and evaluate geofactors as well as meteorological and other environmental influences in different regions of the world for the Bundeswehr's operations and exercises.
-	They advise Bundeswehr decision-makers on the relevance of geofactors for the planning and implementation of military operations and exercises.
-	You advise the armed forces on the use and provision of digital and analog geoinformation.
-	 You will take on national and international management and leadership tasks and develop further in your specialist area.
-	You will develop contributions to geoscientific departmental research and the associated project management tasks.
-	You provide on-site operational advice based on your technical expertise.

**What matters to you**

-	You will be employed directly as an officer in the Bundeswehr's geoinformation service career, depending on your academic degree as first lieutenant (B.Sc.), captain (M.Sc. or diploma) or major (doctorate).
-	As a manager in the Bundeswehr's geoinformation service, you will take on responsible tasks in a challenging national and international working environment.
-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.
-	You apply by March 31, 2024 for a position from April 2024.

**What matters to us**

-	You have completed a geoscientific college or university degree suitable for the Bundeswehr's geoinformation service.
-	They are characterized by their willingness to perform and motivation and are prepared to meet the demands of the soldier's profession flexibly and as a team player. You demonstrate assertiveness and a sense of responsibility with good physical constitution and mental resilience.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to stand up for the free, democratic basic order.
-	For some assignments in the extended meteorology department, you agree to take part in a health suitability assessment and, if necessary, an extended security check, as well as to be fully prepared to work at varying times for these assignments.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is at least 3 years, with the basic possibility of being taken on as a professional soldier based on performance, suitability and ability.
