**Title**
Automotive mechatronics engineer (m/f/d)

As a vehicle mechatronics engineer, you have excellent knowledge of modern vehicle systems. They reliably ensure that motor and commercial vehicles are and remain operational.
With craftsmanship and technical understanding, you will maintain various Bundeswehr vehicles. They put additional equipment into operation, eliminate errors and malfunctions and maintain the vehicles. You will learn specialist methods and practical skills in a recognized training occupation. They are trained in the dual system - in modern Bundeswehr facilities and in vocational schools with a focus on passenger car technology or commercial vehicle technology.

**Your training as a vehicle mechatronics engineer (m/f/d)**

-	You will be expertly introduced to your professional field or field of activity by professional trainers.
-	At modern training centers, you will acquire comprehensive theoretical and practical skills to maintain and repair motor and commercial vehicles.
-	They check vehicle functions and subsystems.
-	You analyze and test electrical, electronic and mechanical systems.
-	They identify errors and malfunctions and eliminate the causes. Use automatic measuring and testing systems to diagnose errors.
-	They check whether the vehicles comply with road traffic regulations.
-	You will learn how to equip vehicles with additional equipment such as trailer hitches, air conditioning or navigation systems and how to put them into operation.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a motor vehicle mechatronics technician, you will learn a safe trade.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of automotive systems.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Crafts.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
