**Title**
Team leader (m/f/d) remote surveillance team

They are among the army's specialized forces that travel long distances independently under extreme conditions in order to scout out enemy territory and provide information about it. The unit moves in difficult-to-access terrain and in almost all climate zones.

**Your tasks as team leader (m/f/d) remote surveillance team**

-	You and your unit collect information in enemy-controlled areas.
-	You remain completely invisible and silent.
-	They use radio and observation technology to collect various data.
-	They observe, record, evaluate and report events.
-	They are trained in skydiving as well as shooting, survival training and hand-to-hand combat and use these skills in operations and exercises.
-	You will be trained in a specialty that suits you best (e.g. sniper, medic, joint terminal attack controller, high mountain specialist, communications specialist).
-	You support your superiors (m/f/d) in planning long-distance surveillance operations and exercises.
-	You take part in national and international missions and exercises in different climate zones and with other special forces.

**What matters to you**

-	You will receive highly intensive training for an elite unit of the Bundeswehr.
-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You are embarking on an exciting career in the German Army.
-	You work in a unique and challenging area of responsibility.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You take on a responsible task in a leadership position.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive remuneration offer.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have successfully completed at least secondary school and vocational training or secondary school.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	They are physically capable of carrying up to 75 kilograms of equipment and are extremely mentally resilient.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is usually 8 to 13 years.
