**Title**
Flight attendant (m/f/d)

As a flight attendant, you ensure safety and well-being on board aircraft of the Federal Ministry of Defense's flight readiness. They look after and inform the passengers. They ensure service and security. They organize rescue measures in emergencies. With your feel for people and situations and your strong service orientation , you contribute to pleasant air transport missions with passengers. You always keep safety in mind and act prudently and skillfully when there are dangers. You can systematically expand and continuously develop your knowledge and understanding of human nature in the Bundeswehr.

**Your tasks as a flight attendant (m/f/d)**

-	They look after passengers throughout the flight.
-	They assign passengers a seat in compliance with applicable safety regulations.
-	They teach about where emergency exits are located and how to use the oxygen system and life jackets in the aircraft.
-	Before take-off and landing, as well as in the event of turbulence, they ensure that passengers fasten their seatbelts and comply with safety rules in the cabin.
-	You will learn principles and procedures for dealing well with incidents in the passenger cabin.
-	You will master safety regulations and emergency procedures to rescue passengers from a damaged aircraft.
-	You will learn how to prepare passengers for how to behave before and during an emergency evacuation.
-	You will have the confidence to provide first aid in the event of illness or injury during the flight.
-	You will learn how to safely use the aircraft's emergency and medical equipment.
-	They serve food and drinks depending on the duration of the flight while safely applying service guidelines.
-	You will learn how to properly operate the technology and galley equipment in the aircraft cabin.
-	You will learn the guidelines for general passenger care during the flight, especially with parents and children.
-	You will be trained in the rules of conduct for caring for high-ranking people and will apply them confidently.
-	You will gain basic knowledge of the customs and entry regulations of the countries you are flying to.
-	You will expand your knowledge of flight operations and flight safety.
-	You support the responsible crew leaders (m/f/d) in air transport operations with passengers and in the implementation of applicable safety regulations in the cabin.
-	They check the on-board emergency equipment for completeness, proper condition and accommodation.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will receive basic training for service in the cabin of aircraft.
-	You work in an exciting and challenging area of responsibility.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You can develop into a Chef de Cabine (m/f/d) or a cabin crew trainer.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have successfully completed at least secondary school and vocational training or secondary school.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is usually 8 to 13 years.
