**Title**
Construction mechanic (m/f/d)

As a construction mechanic, you produce elevators, cranes, bridges, ships and halls and many other technical metal construction structures. During your training, you will acquire a variety of different metal processing skills: you will cut metal, shape sheet metal, screw together components, and weld structures and assemblies.

**Your training as a construction mechanic (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn to read construction drawings and parts lists and to use them to manufacture and maintain all types of metal constructions.
-	You will learn procedures for working and processing sheet metal or metal components.
-	You qualify to weld metal components or assemblies.
-	They cut steel beams and sheets precisely to size, fold them or bend them.
-	They make holes in construction parts so that parts can be screwed together later.
-	They assemble individual parts or prefabricated assemblies on construction sites, align them and weld them.
-	You hand over finished designs and systems to customers and explain their operation on site. They explain order-specific features and provide safety instructions.
-	You take on maintenance and repair tasks. For example, you check electrical components of the control technology on conveyor systems.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a construction mechanic, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge in the metalworking industry.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
