**Title**
Soldier (m/f/d) of the military police force

The military police force is a versatile service provider for the German and allied armed forces. They ensure security in the Bundeswehr. Your main task is to monitor military order. As a military police officer, you carry out military law enforcement or traffic duties, for example when checking military road traffic. The military police force is also responsible for security when it comes to securing Bundeswehr events. They carry out survey and investigative tasks, are responsible for protecting Bundeswehr property such as vehicles, aircraft and ships and, if necessary, ensure military custody.

**Your tasks as team leader (m/f/d) of the military police force**

-	They monitor compliance with military order.
-	They monitor and direct military traffic and record accidents.
-	They check people and vehicles.
-	They are part of the protective formation, controlling crowds and violent riots during operations abroad.
-	You can work as a bodyguard.
-	They investigate attacks, accidents and violations of the Narcotics Act.
-	At home and on international assignments, you are in close contact with local authorities and organizations, such as the local police.
-	They train for joint operations with the military police of other countries and international organizations such as NATO and the EU.
-	They check luggage, passengers and outgoing and incoming field mail at military airports.
-	You train and further train your subordinate soldiers.
-	You work in precision marksmanship.
-	You can be used as part of the motorcycle escort for protocol purposes in Berlin or as a service dog handler.
-	They perform access operations.
-	They protect and accompany transports of money, valuables, weapons and ammunition at home and abroad.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You work in an exciting and challenging area of responsibility.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You take on a responsible task in a leadership position.
-	You will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have successfully completed at least secondary school and vocational training or secondary school.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is usually 8 to 13 years.
