**Title**
Industrial mechanic (m/f/d)

As an industrial mechanic, you will look after state-of-the-art production facilities in the Bundeswehr. You set up complex technical systems in production environments and ensure trouble-free production processes.

**Your training as an industrial mechanic (m/f/d)**

-	You will be fully qualified to manufacture, repair and monitor technical systems.
-	You will learn how production processes are controlled by complex machine manufacturing systems.
-	You will be instructed in the applicable safety regulations and environmental protection guidelines and will take them into account in your work.
-	You set up a variety of production systems, convert them and put them into operation professionally.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as an industrial mechanic, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of operating and monitoring complex manufacturing systems.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
