**Title**
Firefighter (m/f/d)

As a firefighter in the middle fire service, you are a specialist in the fire protection of objects, areas and buildings of the Bundeswehr with special safety requirements. They protect military airfields, naval ports, supply and supply facilities, research facilities or underground facilities.

**Your tasks as a firefighter / fireman ( m /f/d)**

-	At the beginning you complete a qualifying 18-month career training with theoretical and practical components.
-	You work in fire protection on Bundeswehr premises, objects and buildings.
-	You can prevent fires with appropriate protective measures.
-	They take on fire protection duties and observations, for example during take-offs and landings of military aircraft.
-	You monitor fire protection work in ammunition depots.
-	They regularly train in different operational situations, also in collaboration with the local fire departments.
-	They fight fires and rescue people from life-threatening situations.
-	You work on technical assistance and disaster operations.

**What matters to you**

-	At the beginning of your career training, you will be appointed as a civil servant candidate (civil servant on revocation).
-	After you have successfully completed your career training, you will work in a Bundeswehr station as a civil servant on probation.
-	You take on great responsibility and are challenged in a variety of ways.
-	After a three-year probationary period, you are usually appointed as a civil servant for life.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.
-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You apply by July 31, 2024 for a position from May 2025.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50.
-	You have at least a secondary school diploma and completed vocational training.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You have a valid class B driving license.
-	As a civil servant, you are generally willing to be transferred nationwide.
-	It is possible for civil servants to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
