**Title**
Technician (m/f/d)

As a technician in the middle technical service, you support the deployment, operation and monitoring of the Bundeswehr's IT system.

**Your tasks as a technician (m/f/d)**

-	You will work on the implementation of SAP measures for implementation and usage management as part of the purchasing process part.
-	You will be involved in the planning, control of 2nd level support measures and their implementation, including quality assurance and test execution.
-	You evaluate technical requirements in the SAP system and process the associated implementation and usage documentation, including quality assurance.
-	You implement measures in the area of master data logistics and control regulations in master data management.

**In the area of equipment, information technology and use:**

-	You will be involved in the provision of central IT services for Bundeswehr operations and exercises and in the management of all IT service providers.
-	You support the development and operation of IT service management for the use and operation of the Bundeswehr's IT system.
-	You will be involved in the development of IT crisis management measures.
-	You will work on the development of new technical reconnaissance capabilities in the Bundeswehr's reconnaissance spectrum.

**In the area of cyber and information space:**

-	You take on a responsible task and use the specialist knowledge you have acquired.
-	You work independently and responsibly.
-	You will be hired as a civil servant on probation.
-	After a three-year probationary period, you will usually be appointed as a civil servant for life.
-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You apply by April 30, 2024 for a position starting in June 2024.
