**Title**
Soldier (m/f/d) on deck duty

In deck duty in the Navy, you make a crucial contribution to the operational capability of a ship and its crew. You are responsible for smooth processes and safe work on deck. They are entrusted with the maintenance and repair of nautical equipment and facilities. In addition, you ensure the ship security service for leak, fire and NBC defense (defense against nuclear, biological and chemical hazardous substances). They also take part in all maritime maneuvers and take on assigned tasks.

**Your tasks as a team leader (m/f/d) for deck service**

-	You lead, monitor and prepare nautical work on ships and boats.
-	They supervise the operation of nautical equipment and equipment (capstans, anchor winches, dinghies and lifeboats including launching devices, crane systems).
-	They supply the crew and the ship with supplies, spare parts, food, ammunition and other goods at sea.
-	They ensure compliance with accident prevention, operational safety and environmental protection regulations.
-	You monitor the maintenance and repair tasks (e.g. conservation work on the ship's wooden and metal components as well as on the rope and blockwork).
-	You work safely with rope, wire rope, blockwork and heavy lines.
-	They know and master all maritime work on ships and boats.
-	They know all the nautical maneuvers of Navy ships.
-	You operate a naval cutter or a sailing boat in a nautical and nautical manner.
-	You will master the basics of stability and maneuvering characteristics including the rudder and screw effects of a ship.
-	They know the basic functions of travel measurement and positioning systems, such as radar and global positioning system (GPS), and can operate them.
-	You are familiar with the global maritime distress and safety function system Global Maritime Distress and Safety System (GMDSS).

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You work in an exciting and challenging work environment.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have successfully completed at least secondary school and vocational training or secondary school.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is usually 8 to 13 years.
