**Title**
Firefighter (m/f/d)

As a firefighter in the middle fire service, you are a specialist in the fire protection of objects, areas and buildings of the Bundeswehr with special safety requirements. They protect military airfields, naval ports, supply and supply facilities, research facilities or underground facilities. Depending on your training and experience, you will take on special responsibilities as a fire chief in the team: for example, in attack, water and hose teams, as a machinist, reporter or dispatcher in the fire department operations center.

**Your tasks as a firefighter (m/f/d)**

-	They save people from life-threatening situations and take on preventative and defensive fire protection in Bundeswehr properties.
-	They fight building, forest, moor and heath fires as well as ammunition, aircraft and ship fires.
-	They ensure that fires on ships and boats as well as in port facilities are prevented and fought.
-	They take over the protection and observation of ammunition transfers.
-	They secure take-offs and landings at military airfields.
-	They are responsible for technical assistance and support during disaster operations as well as advice on fire prevention issues.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will initially be hired as a civil servant on probation.
-	You take on a responsible task.
-	You work independently and responsibly.
-	After a three-year probationary period, you are usually appointed as a civil servant for life.
-	You apply by July 31, 2023 for a position from January 2024.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50.
-	You have the career qualifications for the middle technical administrative service - specializing in fire services or
-	You have a secondary school or secondary school diploma and completed vocational training that is beneficial for your career as well as at least a course at qualification level B 3 with 18 months of professional experience as a firefighter (m/f/d).
-	You have German citizenship.
-	As a civil servant, you are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	It is possible for civil servants to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	You have a valid class B driving license.
