**Title**
Space sergeant (m/f/d)

As a space sergeant (m/f/d) you are an expert in the space dimension. You will master the theoretical and practical basics in the area of space and make an important contribution to ensuring military dimensional responsibility for space. With organizational talent and problem-solving skills, you will support the creation of space situation products as well as the planning and execution of space operations.

**Your tasks as a space sergeant (m/f/d)**

-	They have everything you need in the field of space.
-	They assist in the planning and management of space operations.
-	They monitor developments in the area of space and participate in establishing the situation in the space dimension (space situation).
-	You work in teams made up of soldiers and civilian employees.
-	You work in national and international structures.
-	You coordinate collaboration with other departments. 
-	They support preparations for exercises both at home and abroad. 
-	They support the implementation of the technical training, further education and training of space personnel. 
-	You take part in national and international exercises. 
-	You learn English as a technical language or expand your English specialist knowledge.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You work in an exciting and challenging area of responsibility.
-	You will receive excellent technical training. 
-	You take on a responsible task.
-	In the space sector, you will work in an exciting and challenging area of responsibility.
-	You can use and develop your own potential. 
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have successfully completed at least secondary school and vocational training or secondary school. 
-	You have German citizenship. 
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide. 
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad. 
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is usually 8 to 13 years.
