**Title**
Reservist (m/f/d)

Reservists in the Bundeswehr are men and women who serve alongside active soldiers and perform similar functions with the same standards. They can be deployed in various organizational and operational areas of the Bundeswehr, depending on their individual skills, qualifications and training. The requirements may vary depending on the assignment, but in principle all reservists are expected to meet the required physical, mental and professional requirements.

**Your tasks as a reservist (m/f/d)**

-	You complete a 2 or 3 year period of service as a temporary soldier.
-	A position for 2 years is only possible as a security officer.
-	All specialized units (e.g. infantry, air traffic control, navy) can only be trained with a period of service of 3 years.
-	You receive in-depth military training in military units, troop schools and officer schools.
-	You lead around 25 soldiers (platoon leadership).
-	After active service, you can carry out further reserve service with further qualifications and promotions.

**As a supervisor (m/f/d), you are responsible for the training, leadership and education of the soldiers you entrust to your care. They are responsible for planning, organizing and carrying out general military and military-technical training as well as military exercises and operations. Here you will contribute your knowledge and skills to one of the six military organizational areas in order to overcome and shape future challenges and change processes together with the Bundeswehr.**

-	A position for 2 years is only possible as a security officer.
-	All specialized units (e.g. infantry, air traffic control, navy) can only be trained with a period of service of 3 years.

**Entry option 1: In military service**

-	You complete several training modules lasting up to 16 days at the officer schools.
-	You gain experience and contribute your skills.
-	They are deployed in staff service (e.g. human resources, military security).
-	You perform your service in accordance with professional and private obligations in coordination with your full-time work.
-	There are currently no job advertisements for this career.
