**Title**
IT system electronics technician (m/f/d)

As an electronics engineer for information and telecommunications systems, you work on information technology networks. You design well-thought-out IT solutions for a wide range of requirements and implement them appropriately and professionally. You put user-specific systems into operation, advise customers directly, adapt hardware and software on site and ensure support. You will learn in excellently equipped training centers. You complete dual training in modern Bundeswehr facilities and at a vocational school.

**Your training as an IT system electronics technician (m/f/d)**

-	You will receive professional instruction in your field of activity.
-	You will learn in theory and practice how to plan and install IT components, systems and networks in a user-friendly manner.
-	You will be trained to set up power supplies, commission systems, and install and configure software.
-	You will learn to advise customers about information and communication technology devices and their benefits.
-	You modify and implement hardware and software for unique customer-specific solutions.
-	You gain security in maintaining IT systems, analyzing and resolving faults.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	With the sound qualification as an IT system electronics technician, you will secure excellent career prospects in a future industry.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your IT specialist knowledge and skills in direct contact with customers.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subject of physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
