**Title**
Space officer (m/f/d)

As a space officer, you are an expert in the space dimension. They master the theoretical and practical basics in the field of space and make an important contribution to ensuring military responsibility in their area. With organizational talent, willingness to lead and problem-solving skills, as a space officer you will be primarily responsible for establishing the situation in the space dimension and for planning and leading space operations.

**Your tasks as a space officer (m/f/d)**

-	You have all the necessary theoretical and practical knowledge in the field of space.
-	They are responsible for planning and leading space operations.
-	They monitor developments in the space domain and are responsible for establishing the situation in the space dimension.
-	You gain practical experience in managing personnel and lead teams made up of soldiers and civilian employees.
-	You work in national and international structures.
-	You are responsible for personnel and materials.
-	You coordinate collaboration with other departments.
-	They oversee preparations for exercises both domestically and internationally.
-	You take part in national and international exercises.
-	You learn English as a technical language or expand your English specialist knowledge.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective space officer, you will receive excellent training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You can apply your mathematical and analytical understanding to the use of technically sophisticated systems in the space dimension.
-	You will receive specialist training in the field of space.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are motivated and ambitious.
-	You demonstrate a high level of flexibility and commitment.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
