**Title**
Technician (m/f/d) telecommunications and electronic reconnaissance

As a mid-level technician, you will continuously collect and analyze information and news that is important for the government or the Bundeswehr. This includes, for example, information on the situation in crisis areas or on military data from states in the Bundeswehr's operational areas.

**Your tasks as a technician (m/f/d) for telecommunications and electronic reconnaissance**

-	As a civil servant candidate, you complete a qualifying 24-month career training course.
-	They search for broadcast Morse code, voice and radar signals, record them and then evaluate them using technical means and methods.
-	They analyze and translate the recorded signals and create contributions to the military situation report to classify the information into the overall context.
-	They use modern telecommunications and information technology to receive information using electromagnetic waves.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	At the beginning of your career training, you will be appointed as a civil servant candidate (civil servant on revocation).
-	You will be trained to become an expert in telecommunications and electronic intelligence.
-	You can demonstrate and develop your skills and talents in an exceptionally challenging field of work.
-	After you have successfully completed your career training, you will work in a Bundeswehr station as a civil servant on probation.
-	After a three-year probationary period, you are usually appointed as a civil servant for life.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50.
-	You have successfully completed at least secondary school and vocational training or secondary school.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You have a particularly good sense and talent for language.
-	You have at least English language skills.
-	You have a great interest in technology and physics.
-	You think analytically and can quickly grasp complex relationships.
-	As a civil servant, you are generally willing to be transferred nationwide.
-	It is possible for civil servants to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
