**Title**
Soldier (m/f/d) in staff service

Used in the staff service, you form the link between the areas of deployment, exercise, training, planning and organization. They advise their superiors (m/f/d) on all types of processes and can also represent them if necessary. Your area of responsibility also includes, among other things, the processing of all organizational and administrative matters, the training and further education of all members of your office, the monitoring of the cross-departmental registration and reporting system and the management of the alarm calendar.

**Your tasks as a team leader (m/f/d) in the staff service**

-	They support the planning, implementation and evaluation of exercises, training and operations and keep an overview of appointments and projects.
-	You prepare meetings, conferences, seminars and events of all kinds.
-	They manage service regulations, cards, books and documents.
-	You lead subordinate staff and train them in their area of responsibility.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions 
-	You work in an exciting and challenging area of responsibility
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You take on exciting and diverse tasks.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.
-	You will take on a responsible task in a professional leadership position.

**What matters to us**

-	You have reached the age of 17.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
