**Title**
Concrete and reinforced concrete constructor / concrete and reinforced concrete constructor (m/f/d)

As a concrete and reinforced concrete constructor, you produce and assemble components for buildings, formwork and reinforcement. In addition, you can repair damp or damaged concrete walls, ceilings, pillars or beams.

**Your training as a concrete and reinforced concrete constructor (m/f/d)**

-	You will be expertly introduced to your professional field or field of activity by professional trainers.
-	You will learn about the tools, construction equipment and machines and how to use them.
-	You will be trained to read and prepare drawings, sketches and installation plans.
-	You will learn to produce and process structures made of stones, mortar and concrete mixtures, formwork, reinforcement, wall plaster and screed.
-	They install prefabricated parts for buildings, such as stairs and facade elements.
-	They produce reinforcements from reinforcing steel bars and reinforcing steel meshes.
-	You process concrete surfaces according to design aspects.
-	They install insulation materials for heat, cold, sound and fire protection.
-	You create wooden formwork and wooden components.
-	You will learn how to set up, secure and clear excavation pits and trenches.
-	They know how to store construction materials and construction materials correctly.
-	You lay supply and disposal lines and connect them.
-	They erect scaffolding.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	With the qualification to become a concrete and reinforced concrete builder or a concrete and reinforced concrete builder, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your theoretical and practical specialist knowledge.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of technology and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
