**Title**
Editor (m/f/d)

As an editor, you research and edit target group-specific issues and information - this includes print, audio, video and online as well as social media and apps. In the area of online editing, you will work with common content management systems and create products for different formats.
You will be actively involved in regular editorial conferences with current news and articles. In the Bundeswehr you can use your expertise in many areas: from classic local editorial offices and press information centers to the central Bundeswehr editorial team and media work for and in the countries of operation.

**Your tasks as an editor (m/f/d)**

-	You collect, review, evaluate and select information that is relevant, new, important and interesting for the target group.
-	They bring information into a media-friendly form - in text, images or sound.
-	You research current news and background information on topics and events. To do this, you can, for example, view agency reports, carry out internet research, conduct interviews or attend official events as part of reporting.
-	You master and observe the basic rules for the online presentation of contributions.
-	You create, edit and publish audio and video files.
-	You manage an editorial or partial editorial team including the staff employed there.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer (m/f/d), you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	As an officer and manager (m/f/d), you will take on responsible tasks in a challenging national and international working environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
