**Title**
IT forensic scientist (m/f/d)

As an expert in incident response and digital forensics, your job is to use technical analysis to detect, contain, stop and resolve computer-aided attacks.

**Your tasks as an IT forensic scientist (m/f/d)**

-	You conduct computer forensic investigations and incident response operations on site and remotely.
-	You reconstruct multi-stage cyber attacks based on the results of forensic analysis of IT systems from complex networks.
-	You secure and document digital evidence and findings in a legally usable and responsible manner.
-	They identify the smallest manipulations of IT systems in order to even recognize previously unknown attack patterns.
-	You document the results of your evaluation using meaningful reports.
-	You develop methods and procedures to defend and detect attacks against the Bundeswehr's IT system.
-	They advance techniques, strategies and tactics to counter known and yet unknown cyber attacks and anti-forensics measures.
-	They make a significant contribution to the investigation and assessment of attacks on the Bundeswehr's IT systems.
-	You support law enforcement authorities in preliminary proceedings or special investigations in which digital data sources may contain important evidence.
-	You work across disciplines with experts from various areas of information security.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	As an officer and manager (m/f/d), you will take on responsible tasks in a challenging national and international working environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You have completed a technical college or university degree.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is at least 3 years.
