**Title**
Coordinator (m/f/d) for close air support

They maintain communication between ground forces and air fire support. You identify targets on the ground in direct radio contact with attack helicopters and aircraft. You lead the aircraft support for the ground troops and thus ensure the safety of your comrades.

**Your tasks as a coordinator (m/f/d) for close air support**

-	In army units, you lead an air-ground squad as part of a joint fire support team.
-	They advise the troops to be supported about the effectiveness of weapons, weapon danger areas and the possibilities and limits of fire support.
-	They integrate air support into the planning and execution of land operations.
-	They are responsible for identifying targets, minimizing collateral damage and weapons effectiveness analysis.
-	From an advantageous position in the field, they provide air support to land forces using combat aircraft and helicopters.
-	They coordinate the fire of enemy forces.
-	You can conduct radio communications in English with fighter aircraft from different nations.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer, you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You take responsibility and make decisions independently.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
