**Title**
Coordinator (m/f/d) for weapon systems

You will be trained as a specialist in the weapon system of an aircraft, such as the Tiger attack helicopter, the Tornado fighter jet or unmanned, remote-controlled aircraft (drones). You work closely with the pilot of the aircraft and take responsibility for a highly complex weapon system. Your workplace is in the cockpit of the helicopter or fighter jet, or in a ground control station for drones. The control over the respective weapon system is carried out via a highly developed IT system.

**Your tasks as a coordinator (m/f/d) for weapon systems**

-	You independently operate the extensive weapon system of an aircraft and are responsible for its use.
-	They are familiar with all on-board systems and weapons systems.
-	You complete training and operational flights together with the pilot. To do this, you will carry out the preparation and follow-up work together as well as work with other units.
-	You coordinate your flight operations with military and civil authorities during the pre-flight meeting and planning.
-	They support the pilot in carrying out the flight safely.
-	After the flight, you hand over the aircraft to the technical maintenance unit, conduct the flight debriefing and document the flight.
-	You take part in international operations and missions.
-	They investigate ground movements, accompany convoys to identify dangers at an early stage, monitor airspace and, if necessary, combat enemy ground targets.
-	You take part in national and international exercises at home and abroad.
-	You complete extensive aviation training in the simulator and in actual flight service.
-	You pass on your experience and knowledge to your colleagues during professional training.
-	They perform various technical and military secondary functions, for example in tactical training, navigation or electronic warfare.
-	You maintain an overview even in complex situations and distribute your attention effectively to complete your tasks.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer, you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will receive basic aviation training.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
