**Title**
Soldier (m/f/d) of the paratrooper troops

As part of the paratroop team, you are always in the middle of the action and as a member of the airborne force, you can master special challenges both at home and abroad with your strong physical and mental strength. They are involved in the armed repatriation of German citizens from crisis areas and in the fight against irregular forces. They are involved in operations with other arms and military branches, e.g. B. the armored force, and in short-term missions, for example at the beginning of larger operations, also with special forces such as the KSK. You will safely apply the infantry skills you have learned during landing operations. You will receive excellent training and education for your parachute and weapon operations.

**Your tasks as team leader (m/f/d) paratrooper troops**

-	You lead and train your subordinate soldiers in order to enable them to perform in all types of operations and special combat operations, especially in special operations.
-	You train the soldiers in your unit to be able to carry out operations such as armed repatriation, the fight against irregular forces and rapid initial and final operations.
-	You ensure the operational readiness of personnel and material in your unit.
-	They can be used both nationally and internationally, both internally and externally.
-	They apply and monitor the safety regulations for accident prevention and environmental protection.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You are embarking on an interesting career in the German Army.
-	You work in an exciting and challenging area of responsibility.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You take on a responsible task in a leadership position.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have successfully completed at least secondary school and vocational training or secondary school.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is usually 8 to 13 years.
