**Title**
Media designer (m/f/d) digital and print

As a media designer (digital and print), you edit and design media products and plan the production processes. You design and create websites, develop logos and implement corporate design specifications. Your product range extends from flyers and brochures to complex printed products such as catalogs, posters and magazines. To do this, you combine suitable media elements, edit digital data and put them together to suit the desired product.

**Your training as a media designer (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn to use proportions, colors and contrasts as design tools and design elements such as fonts, lines and graphics.
-	You will be trained to design media and target group-specific products.
-	You will be able to edit image, text and graphic data according to customer requirements.
-	You advise customers on aspects of product design.
-	They use different subject-specific software tools, such as graphics, typesetting and image editing programs.
-	You will learn what needs to be taken into account during analog-to-digital conversion and how to control the production process.
-	You will learn about different printing processes, such as letterpress printing, digital printing and screen printing.
-	You will be trained in how your products can be refined during further processing using embossing, punching, folding, painting, etc.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a media designer, you will learn a secure career in the media and communications industry.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your theoretical and practical specialist knowledge.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics.
-	They are technically skilled, creative and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
