**Title**
Specialist (m/f/d) for warehouse logistics

Proper and professional storage and logistics of a wide variety of goods, as required in the Bundeswehr, needs to be comprehensively learned: During your training as a warehouse logistics specialist, you will acquire the necessary knowledge for optimal warehouse management. You load, unload and pack goods, equipment and goods. You control storage. They provide the necessary documents for shipping goods and create accompanying documents for various goods. In all work, you will use your precision and organizational skills to ensure that logistics processes are well planned and run smoothly.

**Your training as a specialist (m/f/d) for warehouse logistics**

-	You will learn about procedures and methods for recording and maintaining inventory and apply them confidently.
-	You will learn how accompanying documents for goods and goods are issued.
-	You get security when dealing with shipping documents.
-	You will be trained in methods and procedures that control the storage climate so that goods remain in optimal condition. To do this, determine the humidity and temperature in the warehouse.
-	You organize the unloading of incoming goods and plan the necessary number of storage areas.
-	You prepare the material and information flow for outgoing goods.
-	They plan tours, create the accompanying documents, put together loading units, determine packaging costs and pack the goods.
-	They plan all loading processes and provide suitable funding and loading aids for goods.
-	You manage the loading of goods and are responsible for the shipping documents.
-	You optimize the flow of information, materials and values from procurement to sales.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	With the qualification as a specialist (m/f/d) for warehouse logistics, you will learn a safe trade.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge and practice in optimizing warehouse processes and material flows.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
-	You are good at organizing.
