**Title**
Manager (m/f/d) Panzergrenadier troops

They lead soldiers of the Panzergrenadier troops, i.e. the combat troops of the land forces. They organize military training and implement training concepts. You are responsible for selecting the soldiers whose training progress you will assess.

**Your tasks as a leader (m/f/d) of the Panzergrenadier troops**

-	You lead a unit of the Panzergrenadier troops.
-	You are responsible for planning and implementing the training in your unit.
-	You are the commander of an armored personnel carrier Puma or Marder.
-	You assign your staff to maintain and care for the equipment used and monitor the results.
-	You select soldiers under your command for your area of responsibility and assess them during training.
-	You support and advise your superiors (m/f/d).
-	You can carry out lessons as part of political education.
-	Building on your practical experience at the armored troop school, you can become the head of a lecture hall and train the next generation of the armored infantry troops.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer, you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
