**Title**
Surface coater (m/f/d)

As a surface coater, you work on the shape and material properties of a wide range of workpiece surfaces.

**Your training as a surface coater (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn all types and methods for applying metallic coatings to plastics and metals.
-	You will become familiar with manufacturing techniques in workshops or large workshops.
-	You will be trained in the applicable environmental protection guidelines and their responsible application.
-	You will be able to check and control the composition of galvanic baths or the pollutant content of wastewater in the company laboratory.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a surface coater, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of manual and industrial coating of surfaces.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
