**Title**
Soldier (m/f/d) of the hunter troop

As part of the hunter troop, you take part in land operations in urban environments, local, forest and hunting combat, take over the security of the troop and demonstrate your physical fitness on foot in the terrain. They also work with airmobile parts of the army, such as troop units with transport helicopters. Equipped with hand weapons, they specialize in a wide range of combat operations: They secure convoys, push back enemy troops in urban warfare and, ready for combat, bridge long distances. Most of the time you are deployed against enemy infantry and their weapon systems. They use the range of equipment, equipment and armament of the infantry.

**Your tasks as team leader (m/f/d) hunter troop**

-	You lead a unit of the hunter troop.
-	You train your subordinate staff in various areas, for example in the handling of handguns and grenade weapons, in terrain knowledge, orientation skills, night vision devices and rangefinders.
-	If necessary, they also train soldiers from other units to use the aforementioned weapons and equipment.
-	They lead and monitor target practice and combat shooting.
-	They lead soldiers in various infantry operational scenarios, such as capturing and defending airborne landing sites, advance attacks on terrain, hunting battles and airborne operations.
-	They practice combat operations on forest terrain as well as in local and urban combat.
-	You drive in armored transport and functional vehicles.
-	You can be used as a group leader for motor vehicles, which means you organize the route, drive in the lead vehicle of a column and determine the direction of travel, speed and breaks.
-	You lead a security group that secures unprotected terrain before other troops follow you.
-	They can be trained for any type of communication connection (e.g. radio or IT).

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You are embarking on an interesting career in the German Army.
-	You work in an exciting and challenging area of responsibility.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You take on a responsible task in a leadership position.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have successfully completed at least secondary school and vocational training or secondary school.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is usually 8 to 13 years.
