**Title**
Medical Assistant / Medical Assistant (m/f/d)

As a medical assistant, you support the treating doctors. You will also take on a variety of organizational tasks to ensure that the practice runs smoothly. They make appointments, look after patients, assist with medical treatments and work in the laboratory. With your organizational talent, empathy and attentiveness, you make a significant contribution to the team's work. You will learn the necessary specialist knowledge and skills in the dual system - in modern Bundeswehr training centers and in vocational schools.

**Your training as a medical assistant / medical assistant (m/f/d)**

-	You will be introduced to the processes of a medical practice in order to be able to design practice processes and take on administrative tasks independently.
-	They make appointments and receive patients.
-	You assist doctors with treatments and medical procedures.
-	You will learn to operate and maintain all medical instruments and equipment in a practice and to carry out laboratory work.
-	You will be professionally trained to measure patients.
-	They apply bandages, prepare injections or take blood for laboratory tests.
-	They inform patients about options for preventive and aftercare and motivate them to lead a healthy lifestyle.
-	They document treatment processes in patient files and bill for medical services provided.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	During the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge in the varied field of activity between patient care, practice organization and medical assistance.
-	With the in-depth qualification as a medical assistant, you will secure excellent career prospects in a future-oriented industry.
-	You complete your training with a final examination before the medical association.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of biology and chemistry.
-	You enjoy working with and for people.
-	You treat people sensitively.
-	You are good at organizing.
