**Title**
Team leader (m/f/d) for flight advice

As a team leader for flight advice in the sergeant career, you are responsible for providing advice at airfields as part of flight operations to military and civilian pilots as well as people involved in air traffic. You are one of the pilots most important contacts. You structure and coordinate flight operations.

**Your tasks as a team leader (m/f/d) for flight advice**

-	They support and advise pilots in planning and preparing flights and missions.
-	You are responsible for checking and submitting flight plans based on national and international aviation law and aviation publications.
-	You provide tactical operational support within the framework of national and international exercises and operations.
-	They coordinate and transmit data required for the air traffic control service to the relevant control points.
-	They instruct visitors and people involved in flight operations about behavior in the flight operations area.
-	They support the emergency services in the context of air emergencies and aircraft accidents.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You can continuously expand your specialist expertise in a variety of ways.
-	You work in an exciting and challenging area of responsibility.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	They are between 17 and 29 years old.
-	You have successfully completed at least secondary school and vocational training or secondary school.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is usually 8 to 13 years.
