**Title**
Soldier (m/f/d) in the pioneer diver service

As a pioneer diver, you ensure the safety of inland waters, sea routes, coasts and ships. As a specialist, you check the waters for underwater obstacles when building bridges over rivers, lakes or before using amphibious vehicles or motor boats. You dive to great depths using the most modern special equipment. You safely use various swimming techniques with or without fins as well as diving techniques.

**Your tasks as a team leader (m/f/d) in the pioneer diver service**

-	During general diver training you will receive all the knowledge and skills for diving in still and flowing water.
-	In the subsequent practical phase of the training, you will be able to work safely underwater under expert guidance.
-	You carry out diving operations safely using helmet diving equipment and are proficient in emergency and rescue measures.
-	They support those authorized to carry out explosives underwater in the preparation and execution of explosions in maritime environments and in inland waters.
-	They are physically and mentally trained for the most difficult operating conditions.
-	They support the pioneers' explosive ordnance disposal service by reconnaissance of the waters and searching for explosive ordnance under water.
-	You will gain knowledge about the type, structure and function of ordnance in the maritime environment.
-	You will learn about the chemical-physical properties of explosives and their effects.
-	You will learn the basics of diving medicine in order to rescue divers after accidents.
-	They assess whether the discovered explosive devices are defused on site or whether the find is recovered in order to defuse it at the blast site.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You take on a responsible task in a leadership position.
-	You work in an exciting and challenging area of responsibility.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You can demonstrate your leadership skills.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have successfully completed at least secondary school and vocational training or secondary school.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are able to work in a team.
-	They are particularly good at assessing risks.
-	They demonstrate pronounced flexibility.
-	They are decisive.
-	You make decisions responsibly and quickly, even under extreme conditions.
-	They are physically and mentally extremely fit and resilient.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is usually 8 to 13 years.
