**Title**
Dual study program: Bachelor of Science (m/f/d) Digital Administration

The Digital Administration course, for the successful completion of which the University of the Bundeswehr in Munich awards the academic degree Bachelor of Science (B. Sc.), provides you with knowledge necessary for professional work as a civil servant in the senior non-technical administrative service or a comparable job as a collective bargaining employee or collective bargaining employee at a higher functional level in the Bundeswehr administration.

**Your Bachelor of Science degree**

-	You complete a three-year course of study with practical aspects at the University of the Federal Armed Forces in Munich.
-	After successfully completing your studies, you will be awarded the academic degree of Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.).
-	You can earn 180 ECTS credit points in various theoretical and practical modules. 
-	In the practical modules you will get to know the different areas of the Bundeswehr administration.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	Your tuition fees are covered by the Bundeswehr.
-	If required, modern and affordable accommodation is available close to campus.
-	You will receive a monthly tuition fee of 1,475 during your studies . 
-	Following the successful completion of the course of study, it is generally planned to be taken on as a contracted employee or - with recognition of career qualifications - as a civil servant on probation in the Bundeswehr administration in the higher non-technical administrative service.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You have a general university entrance qualification (Abitur).
-	As a civil servant, you are generally willing to be transferred nationwide.
-	It is possible for civil servants to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
