**Title**
University internship in engineering sciences (m/f/d)

As a student in engineering courses, you can help equip the Bundeswehr with powerful and safe equipment. During your internship, which lasts at least four weeks, you will gain insights into the development, testing, requirements and purchasing of military material and its usage management. You will provide support in solving complex processes in the context of the procurement of, for example, aircraft, tanks, ships, mobile rescue stations or modern IT components.

**Your options**

-	You will gain an insight into various areas of military technology.
-	You will work in a complex field of defense technology and defense science.
-	You accompany projects and gain valuable experience in a varied area of responsibility.
-	You will individually coordinate the start, duration (at least four weeks) and period of your internship with us as part of your studies.
-	You can complete your final thesis (Bachelor/Master) during your internship with us.

**The Federal Office for Equipment, Information Technology and Use of the Bundeswehr (BAAINBw) in Koblenz offers engineering students places for an internship. These places are available at the BAAINBw headquarters in Koblenz/Lahnstein, as well as in one of the associated military technical departments (WTD) and institutes throughout Germany. Among other things:**

-	You are enrolled in an engineering degree program.
-	You are interested in the Bundeswehr, have a basic technical understanding and work in a team on your own initiative and reliably.
-	Your internship lasts at least four weeks and is part of your studies.
-	You apply at least two months before your desired internship start date.

**- WTD 41 Koblenz / Trier, responsible for land-based vehicle systems.
- WTD 52 Oberjettenberg, responsible for protection and special technology.
- WTD 61 Manching, responsible for aircraft.
- WTD 71 Eckernfurde, responsible for ships and naval weapons.
- WTD 81 Greding, responsible for information technology and electronics.
- WTD 91 Meppen, responsible for testing weapons and ammunition.
- Munster Defense Science Institute, responsible for protection technologies and
  NBC protection.
- Erding Defense Science Institute, responsible for technology and chemistry of
  materials and operating materials.
- Quality inspection bodies throughout Germany.**

-	Cover letter (stating the desired period and duration as well as the desired area of activity)
-	CV
-	Overview of grades for your studies
-	If available: Bachelor's certificate including an overview of grades
-	Certificate of enrollment from the university/college
-	For compulsory internships: Excerpt from the study regulations
