**Title**
Nautical Officer (m/f/d)

As a nautical officer, you advise the ship's commander on nautical and seamanship matters. You are responsible for all maritime and nautical tasks of the ship, such as working on navigation radar devices, sailing according to radar visibility in so-called fog navigation and analyzing and evaluating geophysical and oceanographic documents.

**Your tasks as a nautical officer (m/f/d)**

-	They organize the smooth navigation operations of a ship.
-	They monitor civilian maritime radio traffic.
-	They prepare and carry out nautical maneuvers.
-	They monitor flight operations with helicopters on board.
-	They master terrestrial, technical and astronomical navigation procedures and location determinations and can assess their accuracy.
-	You safely evaluate nautical information documents and warning messages.
-	They oversee the keeping of the ship's log.
-	You master and monitor the creation of weather reports.
-	They estimate the effects of weather phenomena on navigation.
-	They perform complex tasks of so-called tactical navigation (for example, intercepting courses of other ships).
-	You know selected authorities and institutions in shipping.
-	They apply naval service regulations as well as national and international maritime regulations and laws.
-	They safely implement the necessary measures in the event of a rescue or recovery.
-	They know the structure, functionality and inspection periods of the nautical equipment and systems on board.
-	They understand the different types of rudder and propulsion and have a sound knowledge of the sea state and the maneuvering characteristics of the ship.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer, you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You will learn the effects of meteorological-oceanographic parameters on the propagation of electromagnetic waves and understand the importance of geoinformation for operations, flight operations and flight safety.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You will learn how to safely apply the laws, international maritime law agreements, national regulations and service regulations required for the nautical management of a ship.
-	You will gain extensive knowledge of how to defend yourself against ABC agents (nuclear, biological and chemical hazardous substances).
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
