**Title**
Veterinarian (m/f/d)

The health of people and animals is important to you. As a veterinarian in the Bundeswehr, you combine these qualities equally in your work. They ensure food safety by checking drinking water and food and thus ensure the health protection of their comrades. You will also take on public law activities in the area of animal protection and animal disease control and prevention (veterinary public health).

**Your tasks as a veterinarian (m/f/d)**

-	You monitor compliance with food hygiene regulations in catering and care facilities at home and abroad.
-	You examine and examine food and drinking water samples, particularly from a microbiological perspective, and assess their quality.
-	They train Bundeswehr catering staff in the areas of food hygiene and food law.
-	You create appraisals and test reports.
-	They are active in the field of applied veterinary research and monitor the use of veterinary medicines.
-	You practice as a veterinarian and ensure the health of the service dogs as well as the Bundeswehr's pack and laboratory animals.
-	They monitor compliance with animal welfare and prevent or combat animal diseases.
-	They are the point of contact within the Bundeswehr for aspects of food safety and food hygiene, animal disease control and prophylaxis and animal welfare issues.
-	You work in a research institute and contribute your specialist knowledge there.
-	Based on your studies or the knowledge you have acquired in various specialist tasks, you will take on management tasks in the Bundeswehr's medical service.
-	You will continue your training to become a specialist veterinarian in food, microbiology or public veterinary services.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer, you will receive excellent military training.
-	You complete a veterinary medicine course at a civilian university.
-	You will be released from military service for the duration of your studies.
-	You are financially secure because during your studies you will receive a full salary that corresponds to your rank.
-	You take part in military training (including shooting training) during the semester break.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	You will gain extensive knowledge in the areas of food hygiene, microbiology and public veterinary science.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.
-	You apply by March 31, 2024 for a position from April 2024.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a general university entrance qualification.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 17 years.
