**Title**
Painter & varnisher / painter & varnisher (m/f/d)

They have a special eye for beauty - and implement it with craftsmanship. As a painter and varnisher, you bring your know-how to bear not only in new buildings. They also renovate and modernize apartments and buildings.
They design house facades, paint interiors or lay floor coverings.
You will learn your craft in a recognized apprenticeship.

**Your training as a painter and varnisher (m/f/d)**

-	You will get to know all the materials you work with in your job: paints, glazes, oils and varnishes.
-	They use different methods of applying paint depending on what material is used and what surface they are working on.
-	You gain confidence in operating equipment, tools and machines and selecting them depending on the job.
-	You will be trained in the relevant safety regulations and environmental protection guidelines.
-	They prepare substrates.
-	They plaster walls.
-	They lay coverings for ceilings, walls and floors.
-	They protect wood and wood-based materials on windows, doors, fences and other components with suitable glazes, paints, varnishes and oils or by impregnation.
-	They process and process plastics.
-	They seal buildings and joints.
-	You design concepts for room and facade design.
-	You advise customers.
-	You create labels and means of communication such as company signs or posters.
-	They operate aerial work platforms as well as conveyor and transport equipment.
-	You document your work.
-	You check carefully whether you have worked correctly and hand over the results of your work to the customer.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a painter and varnisher, you will learn a safe craft.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of the professional design of exterior and interior spaces as well as facades.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Crafts.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
