**Title**
Senior Engineer (m/f/d)

As a senior engineer in the higher technical service, you set the course for the equipment and systems used by the Bundeswehr. With a strategic focus, you control and coordinate projects and measures in your focus area.

**Your tasks as a senior engineer (m/f/d)**

-	They are involved in procurement procedures, determine technical requirements and determine the type and scope of the equipment to be procured.
-	They manage the development of defense material in industry, test and evaluate prototypes and oversee the implementation through to acceptance of the finished product.
-	They carry out quality tests, observe and control the preparation of production, ongoing series production and the finished material.

**In the area of equipment, information technology and use:**

-	You coordinate and prepare construction documents for project control and management of Bundeswehr construction measures domestically and in the operational areas.
-	You will help optimize operational and infrastructure processes in the field.
-	You manage and control the area of technical building management for the local authorities of the Bundeswehr administration.

**Infrastructure, environment and services:**

-	You control and coordinate measures in the areas of deployment, operation and monitoring of the Bundeswehr's IT system.
-	You plan and monitor the provision of central IT services for Bundeswehr operations and exercises, as well as the management of all IT service providers.
-	You are responsible for setting up and operating IT service management for the use and operation of the Bundeswehr's IT system.
