**Title**
Metal worker / metal worker (m/f/d)

As a future metalworker, you are enthusiastic about technology. With a special understanding of complex constructions made of metal and steel, you will learn to manufacture and assemble components by hand or by machine.

**Your training as a metal worker (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn to work and process light metals and steel.
-	You gain confidence in working exactly according to technical drawings.
-	You will be able to produce stable metal structures according to drawings as well as maintain and repair them.
-	You will be trained in occupational safety and accident prevention regulations and will implement this knowledge responsibly in your work.
-	You will learn to build and assemble roofs, facade elements, gates, window frames or protective grilles as well as to install mechanical, hydraulic and electrical drives for gate or sun protection systems.
-	You will be trained to tear, cut and shape metal plates, pipes and profiles as well as to rivet, weld or screw components.
-	You will specialize in your training occupation in the third year of training in the field of construction technology.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a metalworker, you will learn a safe trade.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge in the metal processing industry.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Crafts.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
