**Title**
Consultant (m/f/d) for military security

As a military security consultant, you monitor the security situation in an assigned sector and are responsible for identifying critical developments at an early stage.

**Your tasks as a consultant (m/f/d) for military security**

-	You will learn to understand the organization and distribution of tasks in the intelligence system in national and multinational offices at home and abroad.
-	You obtain information using modern analysis procedures and methods.
-	They assess the security situation at home and in the operational areas and help protect Bundeswehr facilities from espionage and sabotage attempts.
-	They inform the political and military leadership about the situation in other countries and point out critical developments at an early stage.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer, you will receive excellent military training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	As an officer and manager (m/f/d), you will take on responsible tasks in a challenging national and international working environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 13 years.
