**Title**
Psychologist (m/f/d)

As a psychologist in the higher non-technical administrative service, you will use your specialist skills and knowledge of human nature in a working environment that particularly challenges people. You will supervise, advise and support superiors in management functions in a variety of ways. In the area of personnel psychology, you assess the development opportunities of soldiers and select personnel for military and civilian areas. Your knowledge and skills are particularly required in the psychological support of soldiers before, during and after a military deployment.

**Your tasks as a psychologist (m/f/d)**

-	As a troop psychologist, you perform a wide range of tasks: leadership advice, preparation and follow-up of foreign missions, teaching and training on psychological topics, individual case advice for soldiers and their families with personal or service-related problems, as well as crisis intervention after critical events.
-	They work in cooperation with the social services, the military chaplaincy, the medical service and the family care organization of the Bundeswehr.
-	As a personnel psychologist, you will be involved in the selection of personnel for military and civilian training.
-	You develop and evaluate instruments for employee surveys in the context of organizational psychology.
-	They provide meaningful contributions to leadership and organizational consulting and make recommendations.
-	They train military personnel to be able to lead people under high stress.
-	You support military superiors with your specialist knowledge within the framework of solution-oriented and forward-looking leadership advice.
-	They contribute to the psychological ergonomics of workplace design so that people, machines and the operating environment are optimally coordinated with one another.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You take on a responsible task.
-	You can contribute your specialist knowledge in many exciting subject areas.
-	You can voluntarily take part in an assignment abroad lasting several months and will be prepared for your task there in several courses.
-	You will be employed as a civil servant on probation in the higher administrative service of the Bundeswehr administration.
-	After a three-year probationary period, you are usually appointed a civil servant for life.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50 to be employed as a civil servant.
-	You have completed a diploma course in (general) psychology or a consecutive ten-semester master's degree ("M.Sc. in psychology", no specialized degrees in psychology) according to the recommendation of the German Society for Psychology and
-	You provide evidence of at least two and a half years of comparable professional activity. Alternatively, you will initially be hired as a non-exempt employee.
-	You have good English language skills.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	As a civil servant, you are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	Voluntary participation in Bundeswehr missions abroad is possible for civil servants.
