**Title**
Electronics technician (m/f/d) for devices and systems

As an electronics technician for devices and systems in the Bundeswehr, you control production processes. You will become a professional in programs, operating systems and production processes. They check electronic devices, program configurations and keep production systems running. During your training you will learn how to ensure that all devices function smoothly.

**Your training as an electronics technician (m/f/d) for devices and systems**

-	You will receive expert instruction in your professional field or field of activity.
-	You will learn about Bundeswehr information and communications technology devices and how they are installed and configured.
-	You will be trained to plan and organize production and maintenance.
-	You will learn how to install and configure programs and operating systems.
-	You will learn to limit sources of error and correct defects. They use testing and measuring devices as well as diagnostic software.
-	You gain confidence in replacing defective parts and then checking all functions.
-	You will be theoretically and practically qualified to set up production and testing machines and to participate in quality assurance.
-	You will learn to create layouts of production documents and develop device documentation.
-	You will learn to advise customers and instruct users.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge in the field of electronics.
-	By qualifying as an electronics technician, you will learn a recognized profession.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
