**Title**
Materials tester (m/f/d)

As a materials tester in the field of metal technology, you will use your know-how to determine the hardness, strength, formability and other properties of materials.

**Your training as a materials tester (m/f/d)**

-	You will receive comprehensive training in materials science.
-	You will learn about different methods for determining the properties of materials and become confident in their application.
-	You will learn how to document and summarize your test results.
-	You learn safety regulations and environmental protection guidelines and apply them responsibly.
-	They take samples for quality control: after production processes or during ongoing production.
-	They prepare samples for analysis.
-	You examine various materials and products for their properties, composition and defects.
-	They use destructive and non-destructive testing methods and test material properties such as hardness, strength or deformability.
-	You prepare, carry out and evaluate series of physical and technical tests.
-	They maintain testing facilities.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a materials tester, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of materials and associated testing techniques.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry, biology and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
