**Title**
IT vulnerability analyst (m/f/d)

Your area of responsibility is vulnerability analyzes and pen tests in the Bundeswehr Center for Cyber Security and the Center for Cyber Operations. You will test what vulnerabilities our IT systems and IT infrastructure have. They check the effectiveness of the existing security mechanisms in order to prevent or detect attacks. You measure the damage attackers cause when they exploit vulnerabilities and circumvent security measures. In addition, you test the resilience of the internal IT infrastructure against external and internal attacks.

**Your tasks as an IT vulnerability analyst (m/f/d)**

-	You will uncover security gaps in weapon systems, classic systems and new technologies in exciting and varied projects worldwide in a team of experienced IT security experts.
-	You prepare and carry out pen tests and in-depth vulnerability analyses.
-	They identify weak points, assess the potential for damage and develop proposed solutions.
-	They carry out targeted attacks against their own computer systems in order to provide evidence of a security gap.
-	They document the results of the tests in meaningful reports.
-	You develop advanced methods and procedures and use them.
-	They advise and make targeted suggestions for improvement, thereby raising the security level and making a lasting contribution to securing the systems.
-	You will work across disciplines with experts from various areas of information security such as digital forensics and software development.
-	You support the implementation of measures to raise safety awareness among employees.
-	Creative and unconventional approaches are part of your work.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	As an officer and manager (m/f/d), you will take on responsible tasks in a challenging national and international working environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You have completed a technical college or university degree.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is at least 3 years.
