**Title**
Engineer (m/f/d) defense technology

As an engineer in the senior technical service, you prepare decisions about which technologies should be used by the Bundeswehr. You will be responsible for controlling the processes from new development to the introduction of new military material. You will also work in international arms cooperation institutions: with representatives of European partner states, the USA and foreign industry.

**Your tasks as an engineer (m/f/d) in the senior technical service**

-	They test the development of defense materials in industry, evaluate prototypes and monitor their implementation.
-	You work on procurement procedures and determine technical requirements and the scope of performance of the equipment.
-	They accompany the creation through to acceptance of the finished product in order to keep the equipment at the cutting edge of technology.
-	They carry out quality tests and control the preparation of production, ongoing series production and the finished material.

**What matters to you**

-	You take on a responsible task and use the specialist knowledge you have acquired.
-	You work independently and responsibly.
-	You have the opportunity to work at home and abroad.
-	You will initially be hired as a civil servant on probation.
-	After a three-year probationary period, you will usually be appointed a civil servant for life.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.
-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You apply by March 31, 2024 for a position starting in June 2024.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50 to be employed as a civil servant. Alternatively, you have the option of being employed as a non-exempt employee.
-	You have completed a technical degree with a bachelor's or diploma (FH) and can provide proof of at least 1.5 years of comparable professional activity.
-	Alternatively, you have a career qualification for the federal government's senior technical service.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	As a civil servant, you are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	It is possible for civil servants to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	You have good English language skills.
