**Title**
Building materials tester (m/f/d)

Your careful work as a building materials inspector lays the foundation for new buildings and new roads for the Bundeswehr. You examine building materials for their usability, properties and loads, and document your results.

**Your training as a building materials tester (m/f/d)**

-	You will be introduced to your professional or field of activity in a professional and intensive manner.
-	You will gain theoretical and practical knowledge in order to examine building materials and test their suitability for use.
-	You learn to write test reports and are guided by relevant target values, quality regulations and building material standards.
-	They examine soils for bearing capacity.
-	You analyze building products, building raw materials and binders, contaminated sites and recycled materials.
-	They carry out exploratory drilling to determine the compaction and water absorption capacity of a building subsoil.
-	They determine the contamination of soils with environmentally harmful substances.
-	You use various chemical and physical methods and testing machines in your laboratory tests.
-	You document your test and measurement results, evaluate them and visualize them graphically.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a building materials tester, you will learn a secure career in industry and commerce.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your theoretical and practical specialist knowledge.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry, physics and biology.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
