**Title**
Dual study program: Law for public administration

The Law for Public Administration course provides you with knowledge that is required for a professional activity as a civil servant in the senior non-technical administrative service or in a comparable position as a collective bargaining employee in the Bundeswehr administration.

**Your Bachelor of Laws degree**

-	You will complete a three-year course of study with specialist studies and practical work experience at the Helmut Schmidt University / University of the Bundeswehr Hamburg.
-	After successfully completing your studies, you will be awarded the academic degree Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.).
-	You can earn 186 ECTS credit points in various theoretical and practical modules. The theory modules are divided into basic, compulsory and elective components.
-	In the practical modules you will get to know the different areas of the Bundeswehr administration.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	Your tuition fees are covered by the Bundeswehr.
-	You have the option of renting modern, affordable accommodation near campus.
-	You will receive a gross monthly salary of approximately 1,475 .
-	Following the successful completion of the course of study, it is generally planned to be taken on as a contracted employee or - with recognition of career qualifications - as a civil servant on probation in the Bundeswehr administration in the higher non-technical administrative service.

**What matters to us**

-	You have not yet reached the age of 50.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You have a general university entrance qualification (Abitur).
-	As a civil servant, you are generally willing to be transferred nationwide.
-	It is possible for civil servants to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
