**Title**
Mechatronics engineer (m/f/d)

As a prospective mechatronics engineer, you will specialize in working with state-of-the-art mechanical systems. You will acquire a broad knowledge of how to manufacture mechanical, electrical and electronic components and understand how individual systems work together.

**Your training as a mechatronics engineer (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn to work precisely according to circuit diagrams and construction drawings.
-	You receive the specific expertise to produce mechatronic components.
-	You will gain practical experience in assembling and programming complex technical systems and systems and installing the necessary software.
-	You put systems into operation.
-	You check the systems carefully and hand them over to your customers.
-	You gain confidence in servicing, maintaining and repairing mechatronic systems.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	With the sound qualification as a mechatronics engineer, you will secure promising future career opportunities.
-	You will continually expand your mechatronic specialist knowledge over the course of your training.
-	At the end of your comprehensive training, you will complete a final examination before the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in German, mathematics and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and work skillfully.
-	You have a strong technical understanding.
-	You work well and enjoy working in a team.
