**Title**
Nursing specialist (m/f/d) civil

At the interface between medicine and nursing, you are there for people. They care for, look after and care for patients and those in need of care, assist medical staff in specialist departments, administer medication, assist with medical procedures and create care plans. You respond sensitively and professionally to the needs of the people in your care. You will gain comprehensive theoretical knowledge and practical skills in a recognized training occupation. You complete your training in the dual system - in modern Bundeswehr facilities and in the vocational school.

**Your training as a nursing specialist (m/f/d)**

-	You will be trained in the entire spectrum of practical work in health and nursing: from medical care and support to caring for patients.
-	You will learn treatment methods in various specialist areas.
-	You will be able to independently prepare medical measures or surgical procedures for the treating doctors.
-	You practice conducting conversations with patients even in stressful situations.
-	You will be introduced to the administrative processes within a hospital.
-	They work in the departments of surgery, internal medicine, psychiatry, gynecology, oncology and orthopedics, but also in the outpatient clinic.
-	They implement measures prescribed by a doctor.
-	They assist with examinations and treatments or during surgical procedures.
-	You document patient data.
-	They measure patients body temperature, blood pressure and pulse and determine their body weight.
-	They administer medication.
-	They treat wounds and apply bandages and splints.
-	They carry out punctures, infusions and transfusions or assist doctors in doing so.
-	You will gain confidence in the use of physical measures such as medical baths, inhalations or radiation.
-	You prepare patients for diagnostic, therapeutic and surgical measures and look after them.
-	They help people in need of care with personal hygiene and nutrition or other activities of daily life. In doing so, you take into account people's special needs and, if necessary, cultural characteristics.
-	You take on administrative tasks.
-	You will carry out documentation, coding, billing, organizational and administrative work using the hospital information systems.
-	You keep medical records, create care plans and participate in quality assurance.
-	You monitor material stocks and drug stocks and reorder in a timely manner.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge in medical care and care for the sick and those in need of care, as well as all associated administrative tasks.
-	You complete your training with a final examination before the medical association.
-	With the sound qualification as a nursing specialist, you will secure excellent career prospects in a future industry.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate with appropriate professional training or a secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of biology and chemistry.
-	You treat people sensitively.
-	You enjoy working with and for people.
-	You are good at organizing.
