**Title**
Precision mechanic (m/f/d)

Precision is your craft as a precision mechanic: You will learn turning, drilling, milling and grinding with high accuracy requirements because the components and assemblies you produce are very small. They manufacture and assemble these high-quality components for precision devices and install them using computer-controlled tools.

**Your training as a precision mechanic (m/f/d)**

-	You will be trained in how to use different measuring tools.
-	You will learn to operate computer-controlled machine tools with high precision.
-	You will be trained to conduct customer discussions and provide customers with comprehensive advice.
-	You get security in the production of a wide range of machine parts and precision mechanical devices.
-	You assemble components with electronic measuring and control components to form functional units.
-	You plan your work processes.
-	You set up machine tools and carry out mechanical work such as turning, milling, drilling and grinding on these machines.
-	You assemble machines and devices for customers and explain how to use them.
-	By installing the components you have manufactured on machines and devices, you make them ready for use again.
-	They carry out maintenance and repair work.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a precision mechanic, you will learn a safe trade.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of precision work on construction components.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Crafts.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
