**Title**
Wood mechanic (m/f/d)

As a wood mechanic, you produce many different products from wood. You build furniture, components or wooden packaging in series or one-off production. During your training, you will learn to process a variety of wood materials in different ways: you will saw, plan, mill, stain, varnish, coat and apply veneers. You will gain comprehensive knowledge and skills for furniture construction and interior design in a recognized training occupation.

**Your training as a wood mechanic (m/f/d)**

-	You will gain in-depth knowledge of materials science.
-	You will learn methods for working and processing wood.
-	You will be instructed in the common safety regulations and environmental protection guidelines and will take them into account.
-	In the area of furniture construction, they produce series-ready tables and seating as well as shelving systems and shop fittings.
-	They also work on interior design in individual production according to individual customer requirements.
-	They build windows and doors as well as parquet and other wooden elements required for construction.
-	They produce transport packaging and packaging materials as well as wooden strips and frames.
-	They handle and process different wooden materials such as sawn timber, veneers, composite panels, but also plastic and metal parts.
-	They sort wood and dry it in drying chambers.
-	They cut the wood to the desired dimensions using sawing, planing and milling machines and provide them with veneers or plastic films.
-	They stain, varnish, polish or coat wooden surfaces.
-	They ensure wood protection through impregnation or glazing.
-	They connect molded parts using different methods such as dowelling, clamping or gluing.
-	They control the materials as well as the quality and functionality of the manufactured products.
-	They pack the products, label them, prepare them for shipping and store them properly.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a wood mechanic, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of the processing and use of wood as a material.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
