**Title**
Manager (m/f/d) aircraft operations

As a manager for aircraft operations in the German Navy, you are on board every flight and are responsible for operations in your area of expertise. You can be deployed as an aircraft operations officer, navigation and communications officer or as a tactical coordinator in an aircraft. You act independently and independently to carry out the task with your team or act as an extended arm of a task force. You work nationally and often in an international network in domestic and international waters or countries, closely with the pilots and, depending on the order, with other crew members such as the sonar master or radar master.

**Your tasks as a manager (m/f/d) for aircraft operations**

-	You are a manager (m/f/d) on a Navy aircraft such as the NH-90 NTH Sea Lion, the Mk41 Sea King or the P-8A Poseidon.
-	They coordinate the search in the search and rescue service and work closely with other civilian and military units.
-	As an expert in tactical radio and navigation, you support the pilots in all phases of the flight.
-	They communicate with different, sometimes international, departments, such as radio or satellite communications.
-	You create a situation picture based on a wide variety of modern sensors.
-	They operate highly complex surveillance and navigation systems.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer, you will receive excellent training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You benefit from several years of training at home and abroad.
-	You will gain your knowledge and skills in regular flight service.
-	You will take on a responsible role in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	Depending on the type of aircraft, you will regularly sail on frigates or take part in international exercises.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 16 years.
