**Title**
Plant mechanic (m/f/d) for plumbing, heating and air conditioning technology

As a system mechanic for plumbing, heating and air conditioning technology, you understand the technology that is essential for the personal well-being of Bundeswehr personnel.

**Your training as a system mechanic (m/f/d) for sanitary, heating and air conditioning technology**

-	You will be familiarized with all techniques and tools for maintaining plumbing, heating and air conditioning systems.
-	You will learn to assemble different products and devices.
-	You qualify to put assembled devices and systems into operation.
-	You will be trained in communicating, advising and instructing customers.
-	They install heating and ventilation systems as well as plumbing installations.
-	You plan your work steps according to work instructions and technical documents.
-	They process pipes, sheets and profiles made of metal or plastic.
-	They install water and air supply systems.
-	They assemble and connect bathtubs, shower cubicles and other sanitary facilities.
-	You set up boilers and put them into operation.
-	You install electrical assemblies and components for control and regulation.
-	You plan and install solar systems for heating domestic water and retrofit systems.
-	After assembly, you check whether optimal functionality is guaranteed.
-	They advise customers and instruct them on how to operate the devices and systems.
-	They maintain systems and systems and repair them in the event of errors and failures.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a system mechanic for plumbing, heating and air conditioning technology, you will learn a safe trade.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	During the course of your training, you will continually expand your theoretical and practical expertise in installing and repairing plumbing, heating and air conditioning systems.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Crafts.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of chemistry and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
