**Title**
Manager (m/f/d) for navigation and communication (NavCom)

As a navigation and communications officer, you will currently be deployed in a P-3C Orion maritime reconnaissance and submarine hunting aircraft, and from 2025 a P-8A Poseidon aircraft. You are responsible for the safe positioning of the aircraft and ensuring that your aircraft can operate safely, even at low altitudes in the immediate vicinity of restricted areas. To do this, you permanently monitor and correct the tactical situation picture, the navigation and communication systems and support the tactical coordinator in implementing the order. You also maintain radio contact with various other units, such as submarines, ships, aircraft or command authorities. In maritime surveillance, you will also interact with civilian ships and make an active contribution to the security of sea routes on the world's oceans. Once you have gained enough experience, you can qualify for further training to become a tactical coordinator.

**Your tasks as a manager (m/f/d) navigation and communication**

-	In tactical operations, you support the pilots in all phases of the flight as an expert in tactical radio and navigation.
-	They communicate with different, sometimes international, departments via radio or satellite communication, for example.
-	They evaluate all available tactical information on the respective mission.
-	You create a situation picture based on a wide variety of modern sensors.
-	They support the fuel calculation and create the flight order together with the co-pilot.
-	They operate highly complex surveillance and navigation systems.
-	They support the coordination of searches in the search and rescue service and work closely with other civilian and military units.
-	They check the functionality of all navigation systems, means of communication and your personal rescue equipment.

**What matters to you**

-	As a prospective officer (m/f/d), you will receive excellent training and increase your physical fitness through targeted training.
-	You complete a bachelor's or master's degree at one of our two universities.
-	You benefit from several years of training from experts at home and abroad (currently with the United States Navy or the Royal Canadian Air Force, among others).
-	You maintain your knowledge and skills through regular flight duty.
-	You will take on a responsible task in a leadership position in a national and international environment.
-	They regularly take part in international exercises.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You are at least 17 years old.
-	You have at least a technical college entrance qualification or a level of education recognized as equivalent.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to complete parts of your training abroad.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your length of service in this career is 16 years.
