**Title**
Lawyer (m/f/d)

As a lawyer, you will be deployed as a legal staff officer. You will provide legal advice to departments, decide on personnel law matters and assess career law issues. They combine military practice with legal work and have opportunities for advancement up to staff (administrative units) and command authorities.

**Your tasks as a lawyer (m/f/d)**

-	They advise Bundeswehr departments on all legal issues.
-	They have a service life of between two and five years in the respective post.
-	They can be used as entry-level positions in the army as disciplinary supervisors and unit leaders. Here you will be particularly challenged in the military leadership and training of subordinate soldiers.
-	They can be used as an entry-level use in the Air Force and Navy in a staff assignment; for example at the Federal Office for Personnel Management of the Bundeswehr or at the Office for the Military Counterintelligence Service in Cologne. However, there are further usage-related options for advancement.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	As an officer and manager (m/f/d), you will take on responsible tasks in a challenging national and international working environment.
-	You can use and develop your potential.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.

**What matters to us**

-	You have passed the first and second legal examinations with a grade of satisfactory or
-	You have passed both state examinations in law, preferably with a total score of at least 13 points from the sum of both state examinations.
-	You have the qualifications to serve as a judge.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is at least 3 years.
