**Title**
Technical Product Designer / Technical Product Designer (m/f/d)

As a technical product designer, you develop new technical products. From the idea to the technical design, you create components and assemblies on the computer. You find new forms for new functions. You will learn theory and practice step by step in your in-depth training. You grow into your responsible role of designing, designing and constructing everyday objects.

**Your training as a technical product designer (m/f/d)**

-	You will learn to create and check technical documents.
-	You acquire comprehensive knowledge and skills in order to design products with computer support.
-	You train yourself to differentiate between materials as well as manufacturing processes and assembly techniques.
-	You will learn how to assess materials and auxiliary materials.
-	You will receive the knowledge necessary to carry out necessary calculations.
-	You gain confidence in planning and designing components and products.
-	You will learn to select the appropriate manufacturing processes and assembly techniques.
-	You design simulations and presentations.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a technical product designer, you will learn a secure career.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge in the development of components and assemblies.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	She did well in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of crafts/technology and physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
-	You are creative and think theoretically and abstractly.
-	You are good at organizing.
