**Title**
Doctor (m/f/d) for human medicine

As a doctor in the Bundeswehr's medical service, you are the doctor for soldiers at home and abroad. At the same time, you are a military leader. With your excellent specialist knowledge, you are always a competent contact person in all aspects of patient care.

**Your tasks as a doctor (m/f/d) for human medicine**

-	You accompany patrols in an armored emergency ambulance and ensure emergency medical care, even in combat situations.
-	They are used in various areas of health maintenance: from prevention, diagnosis and therapy to the aftercare of illnesses and injuries.
-	You recognize and treat acute emergencies.
-	They use life-saving and life-sustaining measures.
-	You work in violence and addiction prevention.
-	You treat post-traumatic stress disorders and thus become a confidant (m/f/d) for your comrades.
-	You take part in medical research projects.
-	You are responsible for the training and further education of medical professionals.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	As an officer (m/f/d) and manager (m/f/d), you will take on responsible tasks in a challenging national and international working environment.
-	You can use and develop your own potential.
-	With your work, you contribute to the operational readiness of the troops.
-	You can expect a variety of additional qualification opportunities and an attractive compensation package.
-	You apply by March 31, 2024 for a position from July 2024.

**What matters to us**

-	You are a licensed medical professional in accordance with the Federal Medical Regulations.
-	You have German citizenship.
-	You may already have completed specialist training.
-	You are ready to be transferred nationwide.
-	You agree to take part in Bundeswehr missions abroad.
-	As a temporary soldier, your period of service in this career is at least one year.
