**Title**
Management staff (m/f/d) of the fire department

As a civil servant in the higher fire service, you will primarily be deployed in managerial positions with different focuses. You can use your leadership skills, specialist knowledge and experience to continuously optimize the work of the fire department and train young talent.

**Your tasks as management staff (m/f/d) of the fire department**

-	As the manager of a fire station, you are responsible for daily operations, training of emergency services and operational management.
-	You will be employed as a speaker in a wide variety of subject areas, for example in policy matters, operational planning, capability development, logistics and preventive fire protection.
-	You will contribute your specialist knowledge to the training and further education of personnel in the fire service.

**What matters to you**

-	You work for a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	You will initially be hired as a civil servant on probation.
-	After a three-year probationary period, you are usually appointed as a civil servant for life.
-	You take on a responsible task.
-	You work independently and responsibly.

**What matters to us**

-	You have successfully completed career training for the higher fire service.
-	You can prove that you are fully qualified to work in the civil service, fire service and wear breathing apparatus (G 26.3) as well as a valid class B driving license.
-	You have good English language skills.
-	You have German citizenship.
