**Title**
Electronics technician (m/f/d) for automation technology

As a trainee as an electronics technician or trainee as an electronics technician for automation technology, you will learn a future-proof craft with us. You will be fully qualified to plan, program, test and install control systems for computer-controlled systems. You maintain automation technology and repair this technology in the event of errors and failures.

**Your training as an electronics technician (m/f/d) for automation technology**

-	You will receive modern professional training in theory and practice.
-	You will be taught to distinguish the structure and capabilities of automation systems.
-	You will learn to install different operating systems and their components.
-	You will gain confidence in selecting hardware and software components, designing user interfaces and user-specific software solutions and planning communication systems.
-	You assemble and install drawers, housings and switchgear combinations.
-	You receive the know-how to program and configure systems and check their function and protective measures.
-	You will be prepared to select, lay and test power, communications and radio frequency lines and cables.
-	You will be trained to put switching and automation devices into operation.

**What matters to you**

-	You will be trained by a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as an electronics technician or electronics technician for automation technology, you will learn a secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	You will continually expand your specialist knowledge and skills throughout your training.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
