**Title**
IT specialist (m/f/d) for system integration

As an IT specialist for system integration, you will be entrusted with the Bundeswehr's complex IT systems. You design and plan future-oriented IT systems, adapt them to customer requirements (configuration), set them up and maintain them. During your training you will learn step by step how to do justice to this responsible position.

**Your training as an IT specialist (m/f/d) for system integration**

-	You will receive expert instruction in your professional field or field of activity.
-	You will learn to design and implement complex IT systems.
-	You will be trained in putting IT systems into operation, managing them and adapting them to suit users.
-	You will be the contact person if problems arise and learn how to resolve them.
-	You gain insights into modern expert and diagnostic systems and use them to identify and resolve any faults that occur.
-	You will receive the know-how to advise IT users on the selection and use of IT devices.
-	You will be trained to identify and resolve problems in applications and systems.
-	You will learn to create system documentation and conduct training.
-	You will be qualified to develop and program custom software.
-	You will learn to test existing applications for various requirements and adapt them in the process.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	With the sound qualification as an IT specialist, you will secure excellent career prospects in a future industry.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	You work in a friendly environment.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subject of physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
