**Title**
Electronics technician (m/f/d) for energy and building technology

You will be trained to become a specialist in electrical energy supply and electrical systems in buildings.

**Your training as an electronics technician (m/f/d) for energy and building technology**

-	You will be introduced to your professional or field of activity in a professional and intensive manner.
-	You will gain theoretically and practically in-depth knowledge of electrical energy supply.
-	You will learn about the variety of electrical systems in buildings such as power connections, air conditioning systems and data and telecommunications networks.
-	You qualify to create and test your own control programs.
-	You plan and install fuses and connections for washing machines and stoves as well as lighting systems, gate drives and building management systems.
-	You plan and install controls for heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems.
-	They ensure that functioning data networks are set up.
-	They install reception and broadband communication systems as well as data and telecommunications networks.
-	You create control programs, define parameters, measure electrical variables and test the systems.
-	They check the electrical protective measures and safety devices.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as an electronics technician, you will learn a recognized trade.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of electronic systems.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Crafts.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in physics.
-	They are skilled craftsmen and have technical understanding.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
