**Title**
Dental technician (m/f/d)

As a dental technician, you implement a wide range of customer requests using design and craftsmanship. They make individual dentures and matching braces. They make models by hand or on the computer using materials such as plastic, plaster, wax, metal and ceramic.

**Your training as a dental technician (m/f/d)**

-	You will be expertly introduced to your professional field and field of activity by professional trainers.
-	You will learn comprehensively how to make dentures.
-	You will become confident in understanding technical models and making them.
-	They learn occupational safety and accident prevention regulations and implement them responsibly in practice.
-	They manufacture and repair fixed and removable dentures and braces. They produce fixed dental crowns, bridges and inlays as well as removable partial and full dentures.
-	You work with different materials.
-	They make denture models out of hard plaster.
-	You construct teeth models on the computer.
-	They clean dentures with ultrasound.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	With the sound qualification as a dental technician you will secure excellent career prospects in a future-oriented industry.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge and professional practice.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Crafts.
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in the subjects of biology, physics and chemistry.
-	You treat people sensitively.
-	You are interested in technology and understand technical contexts.
-	They are skilled craftsmen.
