**Title**
Chemical laboratory assistant (m/f/d)

During your training as a chemical laboratory assistant, you will be qualified to produce a variety of chemical substances for very different purposes.

**Your training as a chemical laboratory assistant (m/f/d)**

-	You will receive expert and intensive instruction in your professional or field of activity.
-	You will be theoretically and practically qualified to carry out and evaluate chemical investigations and experiments.
-	You will learn about all the materials and equipment required and prepare them for examinations and series of tests.
-	You work in research, development and production laboratories of the Bundeswehr.
-	They prepare series of tests in laboratories and put together all the materials and equipment required for them.
-	They carry out chemical experiments and investigations.
-	They record the test results and evaluate them.
-	They produce different chemical substances.

**What matters to you**

-	You complete your training with a recognized employer in secure economic conditions.
-	By qualifying as a chemical laboratory technician, you will learn a recognized and secure profession.
-	You will be accompanied by competent trainers who will ensure you have the best possible start to your career.
-	Over the course of your training, you will continually expand your specialist knowledge of arranging and carrying out series of chemical experiments for various fields of application.
-	You complete your training with a final examination at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IHK).
-	If you have the appropriate qualifications and performance, you can be taken on as an employee, civil servant or soldier once you have successfully completed your vocational training.

**What matters to us**

-	You have at least a satisfactory secondary school leaving certificate.
-	You have good grades in the main subjects of German and mathematics as well as in chemistry.
-	They are skilled craftsmen.
-	You have commitment and a willingness to learn for your chosen profession.
-	You are responsible and able to concentrate.
-	You work conscientiously and enjoy working in a team.
