
**TITLE**
921A AIRDROP SYSTEMS TECHNICIAN

**OVERVIEW**
As a Warrant Officer Airdrop Systems Technician, you will be the expert in supervising the preparation and loading of equipment and supplies for airdrop and parachute packing as well as the repair and inventory of associated equipment. You may also be called upon to serve as an instructor to other Soldiers.

**JOB DUTIES**

-   Provide technical guidance to commanders and staff regarding airborne and/or airdrop operations
-   Supervise inspection of parachutes and parachute components to detect flaws in materials and workmanship
-   Supervise packing of parachutes
-   Ensure that unserviceable, nonrepairable and overage parachutes are retired from inventory
-   Supervise airdrop rigging activities and airdrop equipment maintenance
-   Maintain compliance standards and criteria for life support systems and other airdrop equipment

  
**MINIMUM PREREQUISITES**

-   Be a Sergeant or above.
-   Be an Advanced Leaders Course (ALC) graduate in MOS 92R.
-   Have at least seven years' experience in the feeder MOS within the last 10 years; to ensure currency in all certifications, the Soldier's most recent year of experience must be performing as a 92R.
-   Possess two years' experience supervising operations in a packing shed, repair shop, cargo airdrop facility or storage warehouse. Military technician, government contract and other civilian job experiences that correlate with the feeder MOS will be considered.
-   Be Jumpmaster qualified with a Senior Parachutist rating and have completed the Airdrop Load Inspectors Course.
-   Score at the 12th-grade level on the English portion (Language) of the Test for Adult Basic Education (TABE); Soldiers possessing an associate, bachelor's, master's or doctorate degree are exempt.
-   Provide copies of all NCOERs; the majority of the Soldier's NCOERs must be noted with "Successful" Performance and "Superior" Potential ratings by the Senior Rater.
-   Submit HQ USAREC Form 1936 (Letter of Recommendation) from a Senior Airdrop Systems Technician (e.g., CW3–CW5), assigned to the Soldier's organization, that attests to their technical and tactical competence in MOS 92R. If no Senior Airdrop Systems Technician is assigned, provide a letter of recommendation from another Senior Quartermaster Warrant Officer (e.g., 920A, 920B, 922A or 923A) assigned to the Soldier's organization/installation.

  
NOTE: Army National Guard programs and benefits are subject to change. Your local Warrant Officer Strength Manager has the most up-to-date information about job availability and bonuses in your state.